[Thunder rumbles as the Warner Bros. Pictures zooms in. Bellatrix echoes.]
Bellatrix: I killed Sirius Black.
[It zooms out to show a right eye as people take pictures.]
Cornelius Fudge: He's back.
Voldemort: NYAHHHHHHHHH!
[More photographers take pictures. Dumbledore pats Harry on the back and holds him. The film title "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" zooms forward. It zooms out to see an office building. Thunder sounds. Workers in a conference room sit around a table. The light has caught one worker's eye, then another, and they're all rising, stepping to the window. A vortex of clouds hangs high in the sky, flashing from within. It then plummets into London, stretching out on all sides. It sweeps over Charing Cross and into Diagon Alley. The front window of Ollivander's wand shop explodes. Death Eaters appear from the smoke, accompanied by Fenrir Greyback. Two Death Eaters abduct a shrouded figure and then Apparate with the others. The streets appear once more and the river. Black trails encircle the Millennium Bridge. Pedestrians peer upward, bewildered in a shift of atmosphere. The bridges crumbles into the Thames. A train blasts through the station.]
Radio: The police are continuing with the investigation into the cause of the Millennium Bridge disaster. River traffic has been halted as police divers search for survivors. The surrounding area remains closed. The mayor has urged Londoners to remain calm...
[Late. Lonely men and women loiter on the platform. At a food stand, patrons grimly read their tabloid of choice. It tracks past The Daily Mail, The Sun, The Mirror, lands on the Daily Prophet. The silhouette. The Headline: "Harry Potter: The Chosen One?"]
Waitress: Harry Potter. Who's Harry Potter?
[Harry lowers the newspaper.]
Harry: Umm, no one. Bit of a tosser, really.
[As she leans over to clear his chips wrapping, Harry's gaze drifts over the smooth skin of her neck, the spray of freckles across one cheek.]
Waitress: Funny that paper of yours. Couple nights ago, I could've sworn I saw a picture move.
Harry: Really?
Waitress: Thought I was going around the twist.
[She makes a face, smiles. A smile to die for and starts to go.]
Harry: Hey, I was wondering...
Waitress: Eleven. That's when I get off. (smiling) You can tell me all about that tosser Harry Potter.
[Harry watches her go, then quickly reaches into his coat and fumbles out a S'Mints container. Just then, a light on the opposite platform flickers. Harry looks. It flickers and this time a small cloud of glittering dust dances over the opposite platform. As a train roars past, Harry squints through the flickering windows and watches the dust transform into Albus Dumbledore. Leveling his glasses, he peers across the platform, smiles and gives Harry a wave. Harry walks to Dumbledore.]
Dumbledore: You've been reckless this summer, Harry.
Harry: I like riding the underground trains. It takes my mind off things.
[Harry hesitates, notices Dumbledore's hand is ash black.]
Dumbledore: Oh, unpleasant to behold, isn't it? The tale is thrilling, if I say so myself, but now is not the time to tell it. Take my arm.
[Harry glances across the platform, sees the freckled waitress appear, eye his empty table.]
Dumbledore: Do as I say.
[Slowly, he reaches out and (instantly) all goes black in a rush of sound and fury, as if Harry had been pitched headlong into a tornado. Seconds later, he re-emerges into the world, reeling, eyes stinging with tears. Slowly, his planet stops spinning.]
Harry: I have just apparated, didn't I?
Dumbledore: Indeed. Quite successfully, too, I might add. Most people vomit the first time.
Harry: Can't imagine, why.
[Dumbledore leads Harry up a steep narrow street lined with darkened houses.]
Dumbledore: Welcome to the charming village of Budleigh Babberton. Harry, I assume, right about now, you're wondering, why I brought you here. Am I right?
[Harry glances about.]
Harry: Actually, sir, after all these years, I just sort of go with it.
[Dumbledore smiles mildly, then pauses, his face darkening. Before them stands a small stone house. But something is wrong about the place.]
Dumbledore: Wands out, Harry.
[Through a crack in the front door: Dumbledore and Harry move swiftly up the walk and enter.]
Dumbledore: Horace?
[The tip of Dumbledore's wand blazes. He sweeps the shadows and calls out.]
Dumbledore: Horace?
[Nothing. Dumbledore points his wand down a narrow hallway. Motes of dust dance in the wand-light, but nothing else. He starts down the hallway, toward the open doorway at its end. Slowly, the room beyond comes into view. Utter devastation. A grandfather clock lays upon the floor, its face cracked. A piano sags in the corner, keys strewn like teeth upon the rug. A copy of the Daily Prophet trembles in the breeze from a half-open window. As Harry looks, a drop of something wet strikes the word "CHOSEN." His gaze rises. He gasps. A substance dark and glutinous is spattered upon the ceiling. Dumbledore raises his wand. The ceiling screams red. Another drop falls and this one strikes Harry's scar. As Harry moves to wipe it away, Dumbledore grabs his hand. Training his light on Harry's forehead, Dumbledore flicks a blackened finger over the scar, brings it to his tongue and reacts. Turning, his eyes narrow on an overstuff armchair. Moving to it, he jabs his wand into the plump seat cushion.]
Slughorn: Merlin's beard.
[Instantly, the Armchair mutates into human form, though briefly gets caught in between. After a bit of grumbling, seam-splitting and the popping of a cushion button or two, a fat old man (Horace Slughorn) in a pair of well-worn lilac pajamas appears. rubbing his rump.]
Slughorn: No need to disfigure me, Albus.
Dumbledore: Well, I must say, you make a very convincing armchair, Horace.
Slughorn: It's all in the upholstery.
[He pats his stomach.]
Slughorn: I come by this stuffing naturally. What gave me away?
[Dumbledore nods to the ceiling.]
Dumbledore: Dragon's blood.
Slughorn: Oho!
[Slughorn takes a step back, having spotted Harry. The blood on Harry's forehead only serves to highlight his scar.]
Dumbledore: Oh yes, introductions. Harry, I'd like you to meet an old friend and colleague of mine: Horace Slughorn. Horace, well, you know who this is.
[Slughorn stares at Harry as if hypnotized.]
Slughorn: Harry Potter.
Dumbledore: What's with all the theatrics, Horace? You weren't, by any chance, waiting for someone else, were you?
[Slughorn blinks.]
Slughorn: Someone else? I'm sure I don't know what you mean.
[Dumbledore raises an eyebrow. Slughorn caves.]
Slughorn: Oh, all right. The death eaters have been trying to recruit me for over a year. Do you know what that's like? You can only say no to these people so many times, so I never stay anywhere more than a week. The muggles who own this place are in the Canary islands.
Dumbledore: Well, I think we should put it back in order for them, don't you? Mind.
[Dumbledore raises his wand. Instantly, the grandfather clock resumes its rightful place, shattered lanterns reignite and the blood on the ceiling evaporates, just as the piano keys tumble back into place with a pleasant musical run.]
Dumbledore: That was fun. Do you mind if I use the loo?
Slughorn: No, of course.
[Dumbledore heads down the hall, Slughorn calls after.]
Slughorn: Don't think I don't know why you're here, Albus. The answer is still no. Absolutely and unequivocally no.
[Dumbledore doesn't respond. Slughorn glances at Harry. The silence is palpable. Awkward, a beat.]
Slughorn: You're very like your father. Except the eyes, of course, you have your...
Harry: My mother's eyes, yeah.
[Slughorn smiles softly.]
Slughorn: Lily. Lovely Lily. She was exceedingly bright, your mother. Even more impressive when one considers she was a muggle born.
Harry: One of my best friends is muggle born. She's the best in our year.
Slughorn: Oh, please don't think I'm prejudiced, no, no, no. Your mother was one of my absolute favorites. Look, there she is, right at the front.
[He waves to a dresser crowded with photographs. Harry walks to it.]
Slughorn: All mine, each and every one. Ex-students, I mean. You recognize Barnabas Cuffe, editor of the Daily Prophet. Always takes my owls, should I wish to register an opinion on the news of the day. Gwenog Jones, captain of the Hollyhead Harpies. Free tickets whenever I want them. Of course I haven't been to a match in some time.
[Harry steps forward, takes a picture of one particular boy, a boy who resembles Sirius. Seeing Harry thus distracted, he studies him intently, like a rare object.]
Slughorn: Ah, yes, Regulus Black. You no doubt know of his older brother, Sirius. Died a few weeks ago. I taught the whole Black family, except Sirius. It's a shame, talented boy. I got Regulus, when he came along of course, but I do like the set.
Dumbledore: Horace? Do you mind if I take this?
[Slughorn blinks, looks away from Harry and finds Dumbledore standing there, clutching a Muggle Magazine.]
Dumbledore: I do love knitting patterns.
Slughorn: Yes, of course, but you're not leaving, are you?
Dumbledore: Oh, I think I know a lost cause when I see one. Regrettable. I would've considered it a great personal triumph had you consented to return to Hogwarts. Oh, well. You're like my friend Mr. Potter, here. One of a kind. Well, bye-bye, Horace. Bye.
[Dumbledore hums placidly as he and Harry make their way down the walk. Seconds later, the front door swings open.]
Slughorn: All right, I'll do it. But I want Professor Merrythought's old office, not the water closet I had before. And I expect a raise. These are mad times, really, they're mad.
Dumbledore: They are indeed.
[Dumbledore leads Harry back toward the Village Square.]
Harry: Sir, exactly what was all that about?
Dumbledore: You're talented, famous and powerful, everything Horace values. Professor Slughorn is going to try to collect you, Harry. You would be his crowning jewel. That's why he's returning to Hogwarts. And it's crucial he should return.
[Harry looks intrigued by this last statement, but before he can pursue it, Dumbledore glances ruefully at the moon.]
Dumbledore: I fear I may have stolen a wondrous night from you, Harry. She was truthfully very pretty, the girl.
Harry: It's all right, Sir. I'll go back tomorrow, make some excuse.
Dumbledore: Oh, you'll not be returning to Little Whinging tonight, Harry.
Harry: But, Sir, what about Hedwig? And my trunk?
Dumbledore: Both are waiting for you.
[Dumbledore extends his arm. Mystified, Harry reaches out. As his fingers touch the silk of Dumbledore's cloak, he Apparates into view, stumbling to one knee and wincing. Dumbledore is gone. Harry rises, glances about. In the distance a crooked house shimmers. A pretty girl with red hair flits briefly past an upstairs window. Ginny Weasley. Ginny dashes down a vertiginous staircase, flies into the kitchen and finds a large trunk and an owl cage. Curious, she cocks her head to one side. The owl does the same in return.]
Ginny: Hedwig! Mom!
[Ginny looks up, a dizzying perspective of twisting railings and crooked bedroom doors. A clock hangs in view, bearing nine hands, each inscribed with a Weasley name, each pointing to Mortal Peril. Mrs. Weasley appears, looks down.]
Molly: Ginny, what is it?
Ginny: I was only wondering when Harry got here?
Molly: What? Harry? Harry who?
Ginny: Harry Potter, of course.
Molly: I think I'd know if Harry Potter was in my house, wouldn't I?
Ginny: His trunk is in the kitchen and his owl.
Molly: But, no dear, I seriously doubt that.
[Just then, Hedwig screeches o.s. Ginny gives her an I-told-you-so when another door opens and Ron Weasley looks down.]
Ron: Harry? Did someone say Harry?
Ginny: Me, nosey. Is he up there with you?
Ron: Of course not. I think I'd know if my best friend was in my room, wouldn't I?
[Another door opens: Hermione, in a robe, Toothbrush in hand.]
Hermione: Is that an owl I heard?
Ginny: You haven't seen him, have you? Apparently he's wandering about the house.
Hermione: Really?
Ron: Really.
Molly: Harry!
[Ginny spins and sees Harry, standing in the doorway of the kitchen.]
Hermione: Harry!
[As the others rocket downstairs, Ginny gives Harry a great grinning hug. There is something oddly charged in the moment, a surprise to both of them. The others arrive. More hugs.]
Molly: What a lovely surprise. Why didn't you let us know you were coming?
Harry: I didn't know. Dumbledore.
Molly: Oh, that man. But then what would we do without him.
[Ron is about to touch Hermione. She retracts her neck.]
Ron: Got a bit of toothpaste.
[He gestures to the stray lace of toothpaste on Hermione's chin. Quickly she wipes it off, gives him an odd look. The Daily Prophet tumbles within a makeshift campfire of blue flames, but magically doesn't disintegrate. Harry teases the fire with the tip of his wand, where The Chosen One? mingles with Draco's haunted face in the flames.]
Harry: So when did you get here?
Hermione: A few days ago.
[Crookshanks goes down.]
Hermione: Though for a while I wasn't sure I was coming.
[Harry looks up, sees her glance at Ron.]
Ron: Mum sort of lost it last week. Said Ginny and I had no business going back to Hogwarts. That it's too dangerous.
Harry: Oh, come on.
Hermione: She's not alone. Even my parents and they're muggles know something bad's happening.
[An owl screeches.]
Ron: Anyway. Dad stepped in, told her she was being balmy and it took a few days but she came out.
Harry: This is Hogwarts we're talking about. It's Dumbledore. What could be safer?
Hermione: There's been a lot of talk recently that Dumbledore's got a bit old.
Harry: Rubbish! Well, he's only, what is he?
Ron: Hundred and fifty? Give or take a few years.
[Silence and nods. Then the three break out laughing. Grow quiet again. Harry takes another poke at the Prophet. Draco's haunted face appears briefly, then is gone. The image begins to fade and all goes slowly silent, until only a whistling wind is heard and tall grasses toss dreamily in a slanting rain. An old mill lists like an ancient ruin against a charcoal sky. A dark figure (Narcissa Malfoy) materializes. As she turns for the town in the distance, another witch materializes: Bellatrix Lestrange. Like a rat in a maze, Narcissa makes her way through a labyrinth of dilapidated brick houses. Bellatrix trails.]
Bellatrix: Cissy, you can't do this, he can't be trusted.
Narcissa: The Dark Lord trusts him.
Bellatrix: The Dark Lord's mistaken.
Figure: Pffft.
[Kids are riding on bicycles. Grim and dark, lit by guttering candles. rain drums the roof eerily. Bellatrix and Narcissa walk to the building. A knocker clangs. Snape reads a newspaper. A squat man shuffles forth, something familiar in his gait. The door cracks, spilling sallow light onto Narcissa and Bellatrix. A face: Wormtail. The sisters pass into a room where Snape sits by the window running with rain, his face hidden by the Daily Prophet. On the front page is a photograph of the millennium bridge crashing into the Thames. But even more prominent, the silhouette of a young wizard and a Headline: Harry Potter: The Chosen One? Young Wizard Destined to Kill You-Know-Who? The paper drops and Severus Snape eyes the women curiously.]
Snape: Run along, Wormtail.
[Snape slams the door shut on Wormtail.]
Narcissa: I-I know I ought not to be here.
[Bellatrix walks to the fireplace.]
Narcissa: The Dark Lord himself forbade me to speak of this.
Snape: If the Dark Lord has forbidden it, you ought not to speak.
[His eyes shift.]
Snape: Put it down, Bella. We mustn't touch what isn't ours.
[Bellatrix, dark curio in hand, glowers, sets it back down.]
Snape: As it so happens, I'm aware of your situation, Narcissa.
Bellatrix: You? The Dark Lord told you?
Snape: Your sister doubts me. Understandable. Over the years I played my part well, so well, I've deceived one of the greatest wizards of all times.
[Bellatrix makes a scathing sound. Snape turns, eyes hard.]
Snape: Dumbledore is a great wizard, only a fool would question it.
Narcissa: I don't doubt you, Severus.
Bellatrix: You should be honest, Cissy. As should Draco.
[Bellatrix walks around.]
Narcissa: He's just a boy.
Snape: I can't change the Dark Lord's mind. But it might be possible for me to help Draco.
[Narcissa stands up.]
Narcissa: Severus.
Bellatrix: Swear to it.
[Snape's eyes shift, meet Bellatrix's challenging gaze and then turn around.]
Bellatrix: Make the unbreakable vow.
[She walks up to them.]
Snape: It's just empty words. He'll give it his best effort. But when it matters most, he'll just slither back into his hole. Coward.
[Bellatrix goes on muttering as she splashes some wine into a goblet. Snape turns back, anger flashing in his eyes.]
Snape: Take out your wand.
[Snape faces Narcissa. Bellatrix, hand faintly trembling, places the tip of her wand over their linked hands.]
Bellatrix: Will you, Severus Snape, watch over Draco Malfoy, as he attempts to fulfill the Dark Lord's wishes?
Snape: I will.
[A single strand of liquid fire issues from Bellatrix's wand and wends its way around their hands.]
Bellatrix: And will you, to the best of your ability, protect him from harm?
Snape: I will.
[A second strand of fire intertwines with the first.]
Bellatrix: And, if Draco should fail, will you yourself carry out the deed the Dark Lord has ordered Draco to perform?
Snape: I will.
[The connection breaks. Snape and Narcissa let go of their hands. A wizard has a rabbit on the top of the head, covers it. As we go into the store, the rabbit disappears. Ever-Bashing Boomerangs whip through the air, Dr. Filibuster's Fabulous Wet-Start No-Heat fireworks spit sparks, and Nose-Biting Teacups bare tiny porcelain teeth. Fred and George Weasley, in screaming magenta, stand upon a counter, selling to the masses.]
Fred and George: Step up, step up.
George: We've got fainting fancies,
Fred: Nosebleed nougat
George: And just in time to school...
Fred: Puking pastils.
[A boy stops chewing, literally turns pale green.]
Fred and George: Into the cauldron, handsome.
[A hair is fizzled. Ron turns around.]
Umbridge: ...order. I will have order.
[A boy climbs the wall of the shop. Together, with the tips of their toes, Fred and George launch a sloshing cauldron down the counter, drop down on either side of Harry, begin to steer him through the store. Fred picks something up.]
Harry: Peruvian instant darkness powder.
Fred: A real many spin to that one. Handy if you need to make a quick getaway.
[Fred and George turns to the corner.]
Fred and George: Hello, Ladies.
Fred: Love potions, ey?
George: Yeah, they really do work.
Fred: Then again the way we heard is you're doing just fine on your own.
Ginny: Meaning?
Fred: Are you not currently dating Dean Thomas?
Ginny: That's none of your business.
[Ginny leaves the Pymgy Puffs. Hermione puts one back.]
Ron: How much for this?
[Fred and George turn around.]
Fred and George: Five galleons.
Ron: How much for me?
Fred and George: Five galleons.
Ron: I'm your brother.
Fred and George: Ten galleons.
[Fred and George turn and leave. Ron turns around.]
Ron: Come on, let's go.
[The trio head for the door, passing Lavender Brown, who smiles flirtatiously at an oblivious Ron.]
Lavender: Hi, Ron.
[Ron turns to Lavender.]
Ron: Hi.
[A dragon sits atop the ledge and breathes fire. A person collects gold as the dragon breathes fire again.]
Hermione: How're Fred and George doing it? Half the alley's closed down.
Ron: Fred reckons people need a laugh these days.
Harry: I reckon he's right.
[Hermione walks down the alleyway.]
Hermione: Oh, no. Everyone got their wands from Ollivander's.
[They enter Ollivander's. Ron looks out the window.]
Ron: Harry.
[Harry comes near.]
Ron: Is it me or do Draco and mommy look like two people who don't want to be followed?
[Hermione looks out the window. The trio trail Draco and Narcissa, who navigate these dark streets with ease. Hermione, lagging a bit, glances up at the darkening sky. When she looks back, she sees Ron and Harry far ahead. They turn a shadowy corner, vanish. A person leads the dogs. Harry and Ron watch Draco and Narcissa enter Borgin and Burkes. The trio see the lights turn on and reach a roof of a building. They see Draco looking at a cabinet. They get a closer look. Fenrir Greyback approaches and they hide. The blinds cover the window and they reappear. A sound is heard. Train overtakes us, the scarlet stack of the Hogwarts Express churning furiously towards the horizon.]
Luna: Quibbler.
[She runs down the aisle with the magazine in her hand.]
Luna: Quibbler.
[Dean moves to the corner.]
Luna: He's lovely. They've been known to sing on boxing day, you know. Quibbler?
Ginny: Oh, please.
[She takes a magazine from Luna.]
Ginny: What's a Wrackspurt?
Luna: They're invisible creatures, they float in your ears and make your brain go fuzzy.
[She moves away.]
Luna: Quibbler. Quibbler.
[The scene moves sideways to show Harry, Ron and Hermione's compartment.]
Harry: So, what was Draco doing with that weird looking cabinet? And who were all those people? Don't you see? It was a ceremony, an initiation.
Hermione: Stop it, Harry. I know where you're going with this.
Harry: It's happened. He's one of them.
Ron: One of what?
[Hermione looks at Ron.]
Hermione: Harry is under the impression Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater.
Ron: You're barking. What would You-Know-Who want with the sort like Malfoy?
Harry: Well, then what's he doing in Borgin and Burkes? Browsing for furniture?
Ron: It's a creepy shop, he's a creepy boy.
Harry: Look, his father is a Death Eater. It only makes sense. Besides, Hermione saw it with her own eyes.
Hermione: I told you, I don't know what I saw.
Harry: I need some air.
[Harry gets up, takes something and leaves his compartment. Students are chatting. The Hogwarts Express moves onwards. Harry goes into the compartment where Draco is at.]
Boy: Don't worry. When we get to Hogwarts, we'll sort it out.
[Harry watches Draco takes something from the rack. Harry looks at something. Suddenly, dark powder explodes in the train. People cough.]
Draco: What was that? Blaise?
Blaise: I don't know.
Pansy: Relax, boys. It was probably just a first year messing around. Come on, Draco. Sit down. We'll be at Hogwarts, soon.
[He pats the seat. Draco eyes the bag, slings it back onto the luggage rack and plops down. Pansy strokes his hair. Draco sits down.]
Draco: Hogwarts. What a pathetic excuse for a school. I think I'll pitch myself off the astronomy tower at the thought I have to continue for another two years.
Pansy: What's that supposed to mean?
Draco: Let's just say you won't see me wasting my time in Charms class next year.
[Pansy glares at Blaise, snorts derisively.]
Draco: Amused, Blaise? We'll see just who's laughing in the end.
[He looks up at the luggage. The train pulls into Hogsmeade station. Pansy and Blaise turn around.]
Draco: You two go on. I wanna check something.
[Hermione looks around.]
Hermione: Where's Harry?
Ron: He's probably already on the platform. Come on.
[Hermione and Ron leave the train. Draco takes his luggage as students leave. He closes the blinds and the window cover with blinds.]
Draco: Didn't mummy ever tell you it was rude to eavesdrop, Potter? PETRIFICUS TOTALUS!
[Something falls from the shelf. He walks to Harry and uncovers him.]
Draco: Oh yeah. She was dead before you could wipe the drawl off your chin.
[The train stop is heard. He stomps on Harry and takes the cover.]
Draco: That's for my father. Enjoy your ride back to London.
[Draco covers Harry, takes his suitcase, closes the door and leaves the train. Luna wanders the aisles, humming with Spectrespecs. She reaches the compartment where Harry is in. Luna opens the door, takes out her wand and points at the cover.]
Luna: Finite.
[The cover uncovers and we see Harry. Harry gets up. She takes off Spectrespecs.]
Luna: Hello, Harry.
Harry: Luna. How did you know where I was?
[Harry gets up.]
Luna: Wrackspurts. Your head's full of them.
[Harry looks around. Harry and Luna are walking up to the school.]
Harry: Sorry, I made you miss the carriages, by the way, Luna.
Luna: That's all right. It was like being with a friend.
Harry: Oh, I am your friend, Luna.
Luna: That's nice.
[Flitwick turns around.]
Flitwick: Ah, about time. I've been looking all over for you two. All right. Names?
Harry: Professor Flitwick, you know me for five years.
Flitwick: No exceptions, Potter.
Luna: Who are those people?
Flitwick: Aurors. For security.
[Flitwick uses magic to close the gate.]
Filch: What's this cane here, then?
Malfoy: It's not a cane, you cretin. It's a walking stick, old...
Filch: And what exactly would you be wanting with a...
[The gate closes.]
Filch: ...could be constructed as an offensive weapon?
Snape: It's all right, Mr. Filch. I can vouch for Mr. Malfoy.
[Malfoy takes the stick.]
Malfoy: Nice face, Potter.
[Harry watches Snape and Draco disappear into the darkness.]
Luna: Would you like me to fix it for you? Personally, I think you look a bit more devil-may-care this way, but it's up to you.
Harry: Umm. Have you ever fixed a nose before?
Luna: No, but I've done several toes and how different are they, really?
Harry: Umm, okay, yeah, give it a go.
[Luna points her wand at Harry's face.]
Luna: Episky.
Harry: Ah!
[He feels pain.]
Harry: Well, how do I look?
Luna: Exceptionally ordinary.
Harry: Brilliant.
[The scene changes to the Great Hall where students are chatting and waiting for Dumbledore.]
Ron: Don't worry. He'll be here in a minute.
[Ron begins to eat before Hermione slaps him with one of her books.]
Hermione: Will you stop eating?
[She puts one of her books down.]
Hermione: Your best friend is missing.
Ron: Oi, turn around you lunatic.
[Ron, Hermione and Ginny turn around to see Harry and Luna enter the Great Hall.]
Ginny: He's covered in blood again. Why is it he's always covered in blood?
Ron: Looks like it's his own this time.
[Harry sits down.]
Hermione: Where have you been? What happened to your face?
Harry: Later. What've I missed?
Ron: Sorting Hat urged us all to be brave and strong in these troubled times. Easy for it to say, huh? It's a hat, isn't it?
[Dumbledore raises to the podium and the owl flaps its wings.]
Dumbledore: Very best of evenings to you.
Harry: Thanks.
[The chatting subsides and students look at Dumbledore.]
Dumbledore: First off, let me introduce the newest member of our staff: Horace Slughorn.
[Everyone in the hall claps as Slughorn stands up.]
Dumbledore: Professor Slughorn, I'm happy to say, has agreed to assume his old post as potions master. Meanwhile, the post of the Defense Against the Dark Arts will be taken by Professor Snape.
Everyone: Snape?
[Everyone claps at the announcement.]
Dumbledore: Now, as you know, each and every one of you was searched upon your arrival here tonight. And you have the right to know why. Once, there was a young man, who, like you, sat in this very hall, walked this castle's corridors, slept under its roof. He seemed to all the world a student like any other. His name? Tom Riddle.
[Everyone talks excitedly at that name.]
Dumbledore: Today. of course, he's known all over the world by another name. Which is why, as I stand looking out upon you all tonight, I'm reminded of a sobering fact. Every day, every hour, this very minute perhaps, dark forces attempt to penetrate this castle's walls. But in the end, their greatest weapon is you. Just something to think about. Now, off to bed. Pip-pip.
Ron: That was cheerful.
[Students get up to leave the Great Hall. A cram of students find their way to class on the first day of term. McGonagall stands tall and stern.]
McGonagall: History of Magic is upstairs, ladies, not down. Mr. Davis! Mr. Davis, that is the girl's lavatory.
[Harry and Ron laugh.]
McGonagall: Potter.
[Harry looks at McGonagall as Ron looks at him.]
Harry: Oh, this can't be good.
[Ron grins as Harry makes his way to McGonagall who shakes her head.]
McGonagall: Enjoying ourselves, are we?
Harry: Well, I have free period this morning, professor.
McGonagall: So I noticed. I would think you would want to fill it with potions. Or is it no longer your ambition to become an auror?
Harry: It was, but I was told I had to get an "outstanding" in my O.W.L.
McGonagall: So you did, when professor Snape was teaching potions. However professor Slughorn is perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T's students with "exceeds expectations".
Harry: Brilliant. Um, well, I'll head there straight away.
McGonagall: Oh, good, good.
[Harry turns away.]
McGonagall: Potter...
[Harry turns around.]
McGonagall: ...take Weasley with you. He looks far too happy over there.
[She shakes her head. Ron and Harry walk to Potions.]
Ron: I don't wanna take potions. This is Quidditch tryouts coming up, I need to practice.
Slughorn: Attention to detail in the preparation is the prerequisite of all planning.
[He turns around to see Ron and Harry.]
Slughorn: Ah. Harry, my boy. I was beginning to worry. We've got someone with us, I see.
Ron: Ron Weasley, sir. But I'm dead awful at potions, a menace, actually, so I'll probably just go.
Slughorn: Nonsense. We'll sort you out. Any friend of Harry's is a friend of mine. Get your books out.
[Slughorn faces the class, then turns around again.]
Harry: Sorry, sir, I haven't actually got my book yet. Nor does Ron.
Slughorn: Not to worry, get what you want from the cupboard.
[Harry and Ron get their books from the cupboard.]
Slughorn: Now, as I was saying, I prepared some concoctions this morning. Any ideas what these might be?
[Hermione raises her hand.]
Slughorn: Yes, Miss...
Hermione: Granger, Sir.
[The cupboard door opens.]
Hermione: That one there is Veritaserum. It's a truth telling serum.
[Harry and Ron fight over the book.]
Hermione: And that would be Polyjuice Potion.
[Harry and Ron finish the fight.]
Hermione: It's terribly tricky to make. And this is Amortentia...
[Harry slaps the book on Ron's hand.]
Hermione: ...the most powerful love potion in the world. It's rumored to smell differently to each person according to what attracts them. For example, I smell freshly mown grass and new parchment and spearmint toothpaste.
Slughorn: Now, Amortentia doesn't create actual love, that would be impossible, but it does cause powerful infatuation or obsession. And for that reason, it is probably the most dangerous potion in this room.
[He closes the cauldron. Katie looks around.]
Katie: Sir, you haven't told us what's in that one.
Slughorn: Ah, yes.
[He ladles the golden liquid into a tiny vial.]
Slughorn: What you see before you, ladies and gentlemen, is a curious little potion known as Felix Felicis. But it is more commonly referred to as...
Hermione: Liquid luck.
Slughorn: Yes, Miss Granger. Liquid luck. Desperately tricky to make, disastrous should you get it wrong.
[The camera pans on Harry and Draco.]
Slughorn: One sip and you'll find that all of your endeavors succeed. At least until the effects wear off. So, this is what I offer each of you today. One tiny vial of liquid luck to the student who, in the hour that remains, manages to brew an acceptable draft of Living Death, the recipes for which can be found on page 10 of your books.
[Students look into their books.]
Slughorn: I should point out, however, only once did a student manage to brew a potion of sufficient quality to claim this price. Nevertheless, good luck to you all. Let the brewing commence.
[The students disperse. Harry opens his book seeing the words "This book is the property of the Half-Blood Prince." Harry flips through the pages and looks around. Harry tries to cut the bean with his silver dagger. Students cut their bean. It hits Harry and he ducks. Eventually, a bean flies to Slughorn and he catches it. Hermione tries to cut her bean. Harry looks at the next instruction "Cut up one Sopophorous bean. Crush with blade, releases juice better." He cuts it and puts it in his cauldron.]
Hermione: How did you do that?
Harry: You crush it, don't cut it.
Hermione: No, the instructions specifically say to cut.
Harry: No, really.
[Hermione looks back at her book. A cauldron overflows. Seamus puts the bean in his cauldron. His face is caught on fire. Harry looks at his book and stirs the cauldron. Something comes out of a student's cauldron. Hermione stirs her cauldron. Harry pours another ingredient in his cauldron and stares back at his book. An image of Felix Felicis is shown. Slughorn puts a leaf in Harry's cauldron. It shimmers away.]
Slughorn: Merlin's beard. It's perfect. So perfect I dare say one drop would kill us all.
[The scene shifts to after the recipe is done.]
Slughorn: So here we are, then, as promised. One vial of Felix Felicis. Congratulations.
[He hands it to Harry.]
Slughorn: Use it well.
[Slughorn and the students clap. Dumbledore holds up Tom Riddle's Diary and looks at it. Harry knocks on his office door. He takes the ring and diary, slips them in a drawer. and closes it. Harry enters the office.]
Dumbledore: Ah, Harry, you got my message. Come in. How are you?
Harry: I'm fine, sir.
Dumbledore: Enjoying your classes? I know professor Slughorn is most impressed with you.
Harry: I think he overestimates my abilities, sir.
Dumbledore: Do you?
Harry: Definitely.
[Dumbledore laughs and nods.]
Dumbledore: What about your activities outside the classroom?
Harry: Sir?
Dumbledore: Well, I noticed you spend a great deal of time with Miss Granger. I can't help wondering if...
Harry: Oh, no, no. I mean, she's brilliant, and we're friends, but, no.
Dumbledore: Forgive me. I was merely being curious.
[He stands up.]
Dumbledore: But enough chit chat. You must be wondering why I summoned you here tonight. The answer lies here.
[He swings open a cabinet where dozens upon dozens of glittering vials stand like tiny glimmering soldiers.]
Dumbledore: What you're looking at are memories. In this case pertaining to one individual: Voldemort. Or as he was known then: Tom Riddle.
[He reaches down with his damaged hand and removes a stoppered vial, dusty and veined with age.]
Dumbledore: This vial contains the most particular memory of the day I first met him. I'd like you to see it, if you would.
[Dumbledore extends his ashen hand and Harry rises, gingerly takes the vial and removes the cork. He tips the contents into the Pensieve. Dumbledore nods and Harry leans into the iridescent liquid, his face breaking the surface. A horse-drawn milk cart rattles across a rain-swept London Street and a young Dumbledore appears in a plum velvet suit. A figure carries an umbrella. We track them down the street (and see him eye a lovely lass appreciatively) until he reaches a grim building surrounded by iron gates.]
Mrs. Cole: I admit to some confusion upon receiving your letter, Mr. Dumbledore. In all the years Tom's been here, he's never once had a family visitor. There have been incidents with the other children. Nasty things.
[She knocks on the door and opens it.]
Mrs. Cole: Tom, you have a visitor.
Dumbledore: How do you do, Tom?
[Dumbledore walks inside.]
Tom Riddle: Don't!
[He looks at the papers and the windowsill.]
Tom Riddle: You're a doctor, aren't you?
Dumbledore: No. I'm a professor.
Tom Riddle: I don't believe you. She wants me looked up. They think I'm different.
Dumbledore: Well, perhaps they're right.
Tom Riddle: I'm not mad.
Dumbledore: Hogwarts is not a place for mad people. Hogwarts is a school, a school of magic.
[Riddle looks at him, but says nothing.]
Dumbledore: You can do things, can't you, Tom? Things other children can't.
Tom Riddle: I can make things move without touching them. I can make animals do what I want without training them. I can make bad things happen to people who're mean to me. I can make them hurt if I want. Who are you?
Dumbledore: Well, I'm like you Tom. I'm different.
Tom Riddle: Prove it.
[Without breaking his gaze, Dumbledore's eyes narrow ever-so-slightly and the wardrobe bursts into flames. Riddle wheels. The wardrobe shakes.]
Dumbledore: I think there's something in your wardrobe trying to get out, Tom.
[Riddle steps to the burning wardrobe and throws open the door. On the topmost shelf, above a rail of threadbare clothes, a small box shakes violently. Riddle stops the fire spreads out the things.]
Dumbledore: Thievery is not tolerated at Hogwarts, Tom. At Hogwarts you'll be taught not only how to use magic but how to control it. Do you understand me?
[He starts to exit.]
Tom Riddle: I can speak to snakes, too. They find me, whisper things.
[Dumbledore turns to him.]
Tom Riddle: Is that normal for someone like me?
[The image shudders and Harry and Dumbledore reappear. It goes upwards to the office. The room has grown dim in their absence. Dumbledore gestures. Lamps blaze to life. Harry raises his head up.]
Harry: Did you know, sir? Then?
Dumbledore: Did I know I just met the most dangerous dark wizard of all times? No. If I had, I...
[He falters.]
Dumbledore: Over time, while here at Hogwarts, Tom Riddle grew close to one particular teacher. Can you guess who that teacher might be?
[Harry thinks.]
Harry: You didn't bring professor Slughorn back simply to teach potions, did you, sir?
Dumbledore: No, I did not. You see, professor Slughorn possesses something I desire very dearly. And he will not give it up easily.
Harry: You said professor Slughorn would try to collect me.
Dumbledore: I did.
Harry: Do you want me to let him?
Dumbledore: Yes.
[Dumbledore looks at Harry who looks at the Pensieve. Death Eaters try to reach the school, but a spell of Protego prevents them. A bird chirps as Draco walks to the seventh floor and enters the Room of Requirement. In there, he holds an apple. He looks around to see a cabinet. He uncovers it. An figure comes into the Quidditch pitch on broom.]
Harry: All right. Um. Okay, so this morning, I'm gonna be putting you all through a few drills just to assess your strengths.
[The crowd still talks.]
Harry: Quiet, please.
Ginny: Shut it!
[The crowd stops talking.]
Harry: Thanks. All right. Um, now then, remember, just because you made the team last year does not guarantee you a spot this year, is that clear? Good.
[Ron looks unnerved at this, sweating so much he's attracted a pesky fly. Cormac McLaggen, the huge boy from Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, sidles up.]
Cormac: No hard feelings, Weasley, all right?
Ron: Hard feelings?
Cormac: Yeah, I'll be going for keeper as well, it's nothing personal.
Ron: Really? Strapping guy like you? You've got more of a beaters build, don't you think? Keepers need to be quick, agile.
[The fly stops buzzing around by Cormac.]
Cormac: Oh, I like my chances. Say, um, you think you could introduce me to your friend Granger? Wouldn't mind, um, getting on a first name basis, know what I mean?
[Cormac walks away. He and Ron fly to the goalposts.]
Crowd: Come on, Weasley! Come on, Ron. Go on, Weasley! Go on, Weasley! Yeah, Ron! Go on, Cormac!
[The Gryffindors fly into the Quidditch pitch. The two collide. Ginny tries to score, but Cormac blocks the shot with his arm and leg. He then saves the Quaffle.]
Someone: Come on, Ron.
[A player deflects the ball. Ron catches, kicks and hit the ball. He falls off his broom.]
Harry: Come on, Ron.
[A player flies inwards. Hermione whispers.]
Hermione: Confundus.
[Someone scores a goal and Cormac deflects it. He scores a goal but is blocked by Ron. The crowd cheers and claps.]
Lavender: Isn't he brilliant?
[Ron, Harry and Hermione are in the Gryffindor Common Room.]
Ron: I have to admit, I thought I was going to miss that last one. I hope Cormac's not taking it too hard. He's got a bit of a thing for you, Hermione, Cormac.
[Hermione looks at Ron.]
Hermione: He's vile.
[Harry shows a book to Hermione.]
Harry: Have you ever heard of this spell? Sectumsempra?
Hermione: No, I haven't. And if you had a shred of self-respect you'd hand that book in.
Ron: Not bloody likely. He's top of the class. He's even better than you, Hermione. Slughorn thinks he's a genius.
[Hermione looks at Ron.]
Ron: What?
Hermione: I'd like to know whose that book was. Let's have a look, shall we?
[Harry closes the book.]
Harry: No.
[Harry and Hermione stand.]
Hermione: Why not?
[Harry walks away.]
Harry: The binding is fragile.
[Hermione walks up to him.]
Hermione: The binding is fragile?
Harry: Yeah.
[Ginny gets up, takes the book from Harry and looks at it.]
Ginny: Who's the Half Blood Prince?
Hermione: Who?
Ginny: That's what it says, right here: "This book is property of the Half Blood Prince."
[Ginny throws Harry the book. Harry walks to his common room. He sits at the desk as we travel through the pages and ending up at the streets of Hogsmeade.]
Hermione: For weeks you carry about this book, practically sleep with it, and yet you have no desire to find out who the Half Blood Prince is?
Harry: I didn't say I wasn't curious, and I don't sleep with it.
Ron: Well, it's true. I like a nice chat before I go to bed. Now all you do is read that bloody book. It's just like being with Hermione.
Hermione: Well, I was curious, so I went to...
Harry and Ron: ...the library.
Harry: And?
Hermione: And nothing. I couldn't find a reference anywhere to a Half Blood Prince.
Ron: There you go, that settles it then.
Slughorn: Filius! I was hoping to find you in the three Broomsticks.
Flitwick: Ah, no, emergency choir practice I'm afraid, Horace.
[Flitwick walks his way back to Hogwarts.]
Harry: Does anyone fancy a butter beer?
[Ron, Hermione and Harry enter the Three Broomsticks.]
Slughorn: A chum of mine was sledging down Claxby Hill. We had a long, homemade, Norwegian-style sledge
Harry: No, not there. Over here. No, sit beside me.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione take off their coats.]
Ron: Okay.
Skinny kid: Something to drink?
Hermione: Um, three butter beers and some ginger in mine, please.
[The kid whistles and the rag leaps back into his pocket. Harry continues to eye Slughorn, when he sees Draco. They lock eyes briefly, then Draco exits.]
Ron: Oh, bloody hell.
[Ron, Harry and Hermione look at the couple kissing.]
Ron: Slick git.
Hermione: Honestly, Ronald, they're only holding hands.
[Dean kiss Ginny.]
Hermione: And snogging.
Ron: I'd like to leave.
Hermione: What? You can't be serious.
Ron: That happens to be my sister.
Hermione: So? What if she looked at me and saw you snogging me? You expect her to get up and leave?
[Harry waves his hand at Slughorn.]
Slughorn: Hey, my boy.
[Harry stands up.]
Harry: Hello, sir, wonderful to see you.
Slughorn: And you, and you.
Harry: So, what brings you here?
Slughorn: Oh, the Three Broomsticks and I go way back, further than I care to admit. I can remember when it was one Broomstick.
[The butterbeer spills.]
Slughorn: Oh, all hands on deck, Granger. Listen, my boy, in the old days I used to throw together the occasional supper party for the select student or two. Would you be game?
Harry: I'd consider it an honor, sir.
[Slughorn looks at Hermione.]
Slughorn: You'll be welcome, too, Granger.
Hermione: I'd be delighted, sir.
Slughorn: Splendid. Look for my owl.
[He looks at Ron.]
Slughorn: Good to see you, Wallanby.
[Slughorn walks away as Harry sits down. Ron looks at Harry.]
Ron: What are you playing at?
Harry: Dumbledore's asked me to get to know him.
Ron: Get to know him?
Harry: I don't know. It must be important. If it wasn't, Dumbledore wouldn't ask.
[Hermione drinks her butterbeer and puts it down.]
Ron: Got a little bit...
[Hermione wipes it off. They are walking back to Hogwarts.]
Leanne: Katie, you don't know what it could be.
Katie: Don't worry,
Ron: Harry
Harry: What?
Katie: I know what I'm doing.
Ron: Did you hear what she said back at the pub about me and her snogging? As if.
[Hermione puts arms around Harry and Ron's shoulders. Leanne screams.]
Leanne: I warned her. I warned her not to touch it.
[Katie sways to the left, then right, then left, before rising in the air and screaming. She falls back down.]
Hagrid: Don't get any closer. Get back, all of you.
[He walks up to Katie and picks her up. Harry goes for the wrappers.]
Hagrid: Do not touch that. except by the wrappings. Do you understand?
[The wrappings try to close. Harry opens it back up. Back at Hogwarts, we see a necklace. McGonagall looks at it.]
McGonagall: You're sure, Katie did not have this in her possession when she entered the Three Broomsticks?
Leanne: It's like I said. She left to go to the loo, and when she came back, she had the package.
[An owl screeches.]
Leanne: She said it was important that she deliver it.
McGonagall: Did she say to whom?
Leanne: To professor Dumbledore.
McGonagall: Very well. Thank you, Lianne. You may go.
[Leanne leaves the office as it reveals Harry, Ron and Hermione.]
McGonagall: Why is it when something happens it is always you three?
Ron: Believe me, professor, I've been asking myself the same question for six years.
McGonagall: Oh, Severus.
[Snape lifts up a necklace.]
McGonagall: What do you think?
Snape: I think Miss Bell is lucky to be alive.
Harry: She was cursed, wasn't she?
[Hermione and Ron look at him.]
Harry: I know Katie. Off the Quidditch pitch she wouldn't hurt a fly. If she was delivering that to Professor Dumbledore, she wasn't doing it knowingly.
McGonagall: Yes, she was cursed.
Harry: It was Malfoy.
[Hermione and Ron look at Harry as Harry turns to them.]
McGonagall: That is a very serious accusation, Potter.
Snape: Indeed. Your evidence?
Harry: I just know.
Snape: You just know. Once again, you astonish with your gifts, Potter. Gifts mere mortals can only dream of possessing. How grand it must be to be the chosen one.
McGonagall: I suggest you go back to your dormitories. All of you.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione turn and leave the office. We see the Marauder's Map in Harry's hands.]
Ron: What do you suppose Dean sees in her? Ginny?
Harry: What does she see in him?
Ron: Dean? He's brilliant.
Harry: You called him slick git not five hours ago.
Ron: Yeah, well, he was running his hands all over my sister, wasn't he? Something snaps, you've got to hate him, you know? On principle.
Harry: I suppose.
Ron: So, what is it he sees in her?
Harry: I don't know. She's smart. Funny. Attractive.
Ron: Attractive?
Harry: You know, she's got nice skin.
Ron: Skin? You're saying Dean's dating my sister because of her skin?
Harry: Look, no, I mean, I'm just, I'm just saying it could be a contributing factor.
Ron: Hermione's got nice skin, wouldn't you say, as skin goes, I mean.
Harry: I've never really thought about it, but, I suppose, yeah. Very nice.
[He closes the Marauder's Map.]
Harry: I think I'll be going to sleep now.
Ron: Right.
[Harry puts the Marauder's Map down and takes off his glasses. We transition to the party.]
Slughorn: So, tell me Cormac, you see anything of your uncle Tiberius these days?
Cormac: Yes, Sir. In fact, I meant to go hunting with him and the minister for magic over the holidays.
Slughorn: Ah, well, be sure to give them both my best. What about your uncle, Belby? For those of you who don't know, Marcus' uncle invented the wolfsbane potion. Is he working on anything new?
Marcus: Don't know. Him and me dad don't get on. Poor git says me dad's potions are rubbish. His only potion worth anything is a stiff one at the end of the day.
Slughorn: What about you, Miss Granger. What exactly does your family do in the muggle world?
Hermione: My parents are dentists.
[Everyone looks at her.]
Hermione: They attend to people's teeth.
Slughorn: Fascinating. And is that considered a dangerous profession?
Hermione: No. Although, one boy, Robbie Fenwick, did bite my father once. He needed ten stitches.
[Everyone turns as a door opens.]
Slughorn: Ah, Miss Weasley. Come in, come in.
[Ginny closes the door.]
Hermione: Look at her eyes. They've been fighting again, her and Dean.
Ginny: Sorry, I'm not usually late.
[Harry stands.]
Slughorn: No matter. Just in time for dessert. That is if Belby's left you any.
[Harry sits down before looking at Hermione.]
Harry: What?
Hermione: Nothing.
[They eat ice cream. Slughorn stands at the door, saying bye.]
Slughorn: Good bye. Bye-bye.
[He closes the door after everyone leaves, but Harry remains behind.]
Slughorn: Potter.
Harry: I'm sorry, sir, I was just admiring your hourglass.
Slughorn: Ah, yes, most intriguing object. The sand runs in accordance with the quality of the conversation. If it is stimulating, the sand runs slowly. If it is not...
Harry: I think I'll be going then.
Slughorn: Nonsense. You have nothing to fear, dear boy. As for some of your classmates, well, let's just say they're unlikely to make the shelf.
Harry: The shelf, sir?
Slughorn: Anyone who aspires to be anyone hopes to end up here. But then again, you already are someone, aren't you, Harry?
Harry: Did Voldemort ever make the shelf, sir?
[Slughorn looks up.]
Harry: You knew him, didn't you, sir? Tom Riddle? You were his teacher.
Slughorn: Mr. Riddle had a number of teachers whilst here at Hogwarts.
Harry: What was he like?
[Slughorn looks around.]
Harry: I'm sorry, sir. Forgive me. He killed my parents.
Slughorn: Of course, it's only natural you should want to know more.
[He turns to Harry.]
Slughorn: But I'm afraid, I must disappoint you, Harry. When I first met young Mr. Riddle, he was a quiet, obedient, brilliant boy committed to becoming a first-rate wizard. Not unlike others I've known. Not unlike yourself, in fact. If the monster existed, it was buried deep within.
[We see Harry before an image of the hourglass. Ron enters the Hall, eyes lowered, knuckles taped for Quidditch, flexing his fingers anxiously as he makes for the Gryffindor table. Neville passes going the other way.]
Neville: Good luck, eh, Ron.
Boy: Nice hat! Ron, you're a loser!
[Seamus comes up to Ron.]
Seamus: I'm counting on you, Ron. I have two Galleons on Gryffindor, yeah?
Students: Looking good, Ron. Loser!
[Students look at Ron.]
Crabbe: What's we wearing?
[Ron sits down at the Gryffindor table and looks at breakfast.]
Ron: So, how was it, then?
Hermione: How was what?
Ron: Your dinner party?
Hermione: Pretty boring, actually. Although I think Harry enjoyed desert.
[Harry looks at her.]
Hermione: Slughorn's having Christmas, too, you know. And we're meant to bring someone.
Ron: I expect you'll be bringing McLaggen. He's in the Slug club, isn't he?
Hermione: Actually, I was going to ask you.
Ron: Really?
[Lavender comes to Ron.]
Lavender: Good luck today, Ron. I know you'll be brilliant.
[She leaves.]
Ron: I'm resigning. After today's match, McLaggen can have my spot.
Harry: Have it your way. Juice?
Ron: Sure.
[Luna appears with the lion hat.]
Luna: Hello, everyone. You look dreadful, Ron. Is that why you put something in his cup? Is it a tonic?
[Harry hides something in his pocket.]
Hermione: Liquid luck? Don't drink it, Ron.
[Ron drinks it anyway and puts it down.]
Hermione: You could be expelled for that.
Harry: I don't know what you're talking about.
Ron: Come on, Harry. We've got a game to win.
[Ron and Harry get up and leave the Gryffindor table. A Quaffle is seen coming into the screen. Instantly, Slytherin snatches it and rushes en masse toward the Gryffindor end. We see some of the Slytherin players fly. A Slytherin slaps a player. Slytherin passes the Quaffle to a Gryffindor. Slytherin tries to score a goal, but Ron blocks it.]
Ron: Yes!
Crowd: Go on, Ron! Do it!
[The crowd cheers as Ron saves a Quaffle. and slaps it away. He catches the Quaffle.]
Ron: Yes! Whoo!
[The Gryffindor team takes position to fly. A Slytherin slaps the Quaffle with the beater. As a goal is scored, a player falls on the ground. the Slytherin take formation. The Slytherin score a goal, but Ron deflects it again. The crowd chants Weasley,]
Ron: Yeah!
[The crowd chants Weasley.]
Ron: Whoo!
[He raises his arms.]
Ron: Yes! Whoo! Whoo!
[The crowd chants Weasley as we enter the Gryffindor Common Room with Ron and Lavender in view.]
Hermione: You shouldn't have done it.
Harry: I know. I suppose I could have just used a confundus charm.
Hermione: That was different. That was tryouts, this was an actual game.
[Harry shows her the Felix Felicis. She looks at it.]
Hermione: You didn't put it in.
[Harry puts the Felix Felicis in his shirt pocket.]
Hermione: Ron only thought you did.
[Lavender lets Ron down and they hug. The crowd claps. Hermione leaves the Common Room. Harry looks back and leaves as well. Harry walks down the steps to reach Hermione.]
Hermione: Charm spell. Just practicing.
[Harry looks at the birds.]
Harry: They're really good.
[He sits down.]
Hermione: How does it feel, Harry? When you see Dean with Ginny?
Harry: How...? How...
Hermione: I know. I see the way you look at her. You're my best friend.
[Hermione and Harry turn and see Ron and Lavender coming into view.]
Lavender: Oops. I think this room's taken.
[She leaves.]
Ron: What's with the birds?
[Hermione stands up.]
Hermione: Oppugno!
[The birds fly into the school. Ron looks at them and goes away as they hit a door. Ron leaves. Hermione cries as she sits down and lays it down on one of Harry's shoulders.]
Harry: It feels like this.
[The view of Hogwarts is seen as we go up into the Astronomy Tower, showing Ron and Lavender kissing. It is snowing while it goes up and we see Draco Malfoy. It then turns to daytime and goes inside Hogwarts.]
Ron: Look, I can't help it if she's got her knickers in a twist. And what Lav and I have, well, let's just say, there's no stopping it. It's chemical. Will it last? Who knows. Point is, I'm a free agent.
[Hermione puts the books away.]
Hermione: He's at perfect liberty to kiss whomever he likes. I really couldn't care less. Was I under the impression, he and I would be attending Slughorn's Christmas party together? Yes. Now, given the circumstances, I've had to make other arrangements.
Harry: Have you?
Hermione: Yes. Why?
Harry: Well, I just thought seeing as neither of us can go with who we'd really like to, we should go together, as friends.
Hermione: Why didn't I think of that?
Harry: Who are you going with?
Hermione: Umm, it's a surprise. Anyway, it's you we've got to worry about. You can't just take anyone. See that girl over there?
[Hermione walks beside him.]
Hermione: That's Romilda Vane. Apparently, she's trying to smuggle you a love potion.
Harry: Really?
[Hermione snaps her fingers.]
Hermione: Hey, she's only interested in you because she thinks you're the chosen one.
Harry: But I am the chosen one.
[Hermione slaps him.]
Harry: Okay. Sorry. Umm. Getting... umm... I'll ask someone I like. Someone cool.
[Harry approaches Luna who's ready to go to Slughorn's party. Luna and Harry walk.]
Luna: I've never been to this part of the castle. At least not while awake. I sleepwalk, you see. That's why I wear shoes to bed.
[As it slides away, Harry and Luna disappear. Draco Malfoy approaches the cabinet in the Room of Requirement and unveils it. He opens the cabinet and puts an apple inside. He closes it.]
Draco: Hommonia nectare passus.
[He opens the cabinet. Nothing inside. He closes it again,]
Draco: Hommonia nectare passus. Hommonia nectare passus.
[Draco opens the cabinet, takes out and looks at the eaten apple. A camera reveals Harry smiling with Slughorn before a photographer. Slughorn makes a beeline across the room nodding to the twins, who have apparently came with each other.]
Neville: Drink?
[Harry turns and finds Neville standing with a tray.]
Harry: Neville.
Neville: I didn't get into the Slug club. It's okay, though. He's got Belby handing out towels in the loo.
Harry: Oh, well, I'm fine, mate. Thanks.
Neville: Okay.
[Neville walks away with the tray. Hermione goes outside the tent. Harry joins her outside.]
Harry: Hermione. What are you doing? What happened to you?
Hermione: No, I've just escaped. I mean, left Cormac under the mistletoe.
Harry: Cormac? That's who you invited?
Hermione: I thought it would annoy Ron the most.
[Harry and Hermione face the front.]
Slughorn: Thank you very much. I'll catch up with you later.
Hermione: He's got more tentacles than a Snarfalump plant.
[Neville comes with a tray.]
Neville: Dragon tartar?
Hermione: No, I'm fine, thank you.
Neville: Just as well. They give one horribly bad breath.
Hermione: On second thoughts, might keep Cormac at bay.
[She sees Cormac.]
Hermione: Oh, God, here he comes.
[Hermione pops two of the Dragon blobs into her mouth, shoves the tray in Harry’s hand and flits away. Cormac exits the tent.]
Harry: I think she just went to powder her nose.
Cormac: Slicker than a minx, your friend. Likes to work her mouth, too, isn't she? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What is this I'm eating, by the way?
Harry: Dragon balls.
[Snape steps outside the tent. Cormac spews raw dragon all over Snape's shoes. Snape surveys the damage, then his eyes rise darkly. Harry tries to enter.]
Snape: You've just bought yourself a months detention, McLaggen. Not so quick, Potter.
Harry: Sir, I really think I should rejoin the party. My date...
Snape: Can surely survive your absence for another minute or two. Besides, I only wish to convey a message.
Harry: A message?
Snape: From professor Dumbledore. He asked me to give you his best and he hopes you enjoy your holidays. You see, he's travelling and he won't return until term resumes.
Harry: Travelling where?
[Snape merely stares a Harry silently, briefly, then exits, taking Harry’s gaze with him, to Slughorn once again, wildly gesturing with a full glass of wine. The door opens behind him.]
Draco: Aww, take your hands off me, you filthy squib.
[Slughorn lowers the camera.]
Filch: Professor Slughorn, sir. I've just discovered this boy lurking in an upstairs corridor. He claims to have been invited to your party.
Draco: Okay, okay, I was gate crashing. Happy?
[Snape steps up to Draco.]
Snape: I'll escort him out.
[Filch lets go of Draco's shoulder.]
Draco: Certainly, professor.
[Snape and Draco leave.]
Slughorn: All right, everyone, carry on, carry on.
[Snape and Draco walk.]
Draco: Maybe I did hex that Bell girl. Maybe I didn't. What's it to you?
[Snape pushes Draco to a wall.]
Snape: I swore to protect you. I made the unbreakable vow.
Draco: I don't need protection. I was chosen for this. Out of all of us. Me. And I won't fail him.
Snape: You're afraid, Draco. You attempt to conceal it, but it's obvious. Let me assist you!
Draco: No! I was chosen. This is my moment.
[Harry is revealed in an adjacent alcove. He’s heard all. A train is heard. The Hogwarts Express chugs through a snowy countryside.]
Ron: The unbreakable vow. You're sure that's what Snape said?
Harry: Positive. Why?
Ron: Well, it's just you can't break an unbreakable vow.
Harry: I worked that thing out myself, funny enough.
Ron: You don't understand. Oh, bloody hell.
[Lavender stands outside the compartment door. Fogging the glass with her breath, she etches “Ron + Lav,” encircles it with a heart, mimes “I miss you,” and exits with a pout.]
Lavender: I miss you.
Harry: Lovely.
Ron: All she wants to do is snog me. My lips are getting chapped blue. Look.
Harry: Well, I'll take your word for it.
[Just then, Hermione passes by, breaks stride as she spots Lavender’s handiwork, then continues on. Ron shakes his head.]
Harry: So what happens to you? What happens if you break an unbreakable vow?
Ron: You die.
[Harry and Ron look at the window. We go to the Burrow. Fred and George are playing with a toy.]
Woman: Well, the pudding's still there.
Lupin: Voldemort has chosen Draco Malfoy for a mission?
Harry: I know it sounds bad.
Lupin: Has it occurred to you, Harry, that Snape was simply pretending to offer Draco help, so he could find out what he was after?
Harry: That's not what it sounded like.
Tonks: Perhaps Harry's right, Remus. I mean to make an unbreakable vow...
Lupin: It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledore's judgement. Dumbledore trusts Snape, therefore I do.
Harry: Dumbledore can make mistakes, he said so himself.
Lupin: You're blinded by hatred!
Harry: I'm not.
Lupin: Yes, you are. People are disappearing, Harry, daily. We can only place our trust in a handful of people. If we start fighting amongst ourselves. we're doomed.
[Silence as Lupin thinks it over.]
Molly: Ginny?
[Lupin and Tonks get up to leave. Ginny sits beside Harry as Arthur leaves.]
Ginny: Open up, you. Don't you trust me?
[Harry takes a bite of chocolate.]
Harry: It's good.
Ron: Yeah, I'll just, get, yeah.
[He sits down.]
Ron: Pie?
Harry: Not for me, no.
[Ron takes a bit of cookie. Arthur and Harry are in the workshop.]
Arthur: You'll have to forgive Remus. It takes its toll, his condition.
Harry: Are you all right, Mr. Weasley?
Arthur: We're being followed, all of us. Most days, Molly doesn't leave the house. It's not been easy.
Harry: Did you get my owl?
Arthur: Yes, I did.
[He and Harry sit down.]
Arthur: If Dumbledore's travelling, then that's news to the ministry, but perhaps that's the way, Dumbledore wants it. As for Draco Malfoy, I know a bit more.
Harry: Go on.
Arthur: I sent an agent to Borgin and Burkes. I think from what you described what you and Ron saw at the end of the summer, the object, that Draco is so interested in, is a vanishing cabinet.
Harry: A vanishing cabinet?
Arthur: They were all the rage when Voldemort first rose to power. You can see the appeal. Should the Death Eaters come knocking, one simply had to slip inside and disappear for an hour or two. They can transport you practically anywhere. Tricky contraptions though, very temperamental.
Harry: What happened to it? The one at Borgin and Burkes?
Arthur: Nothing. It's still there.
[Harry nods. The door opens and Lupin steps out.]
Tonks: It was delicious, Molly, really. Are you sure you won't stay? No, we should go. The first night of the cycle is always the worst.
Arthur: Remus?
[Tonks gestures vaguely to the moon. Arthur glances at Lupin.]
Tonks: Sweetheart?
[Harry peers through the ripples of an imperfect windowpane, studying the others below. A floorboard creaks. He turns, watches Ginny emerge into the light, in a robe, twisting her wet hair in a towel.]
Ginny: Has Ron gone to bed?
Harry: Umm, not yet, no.
Ginny: Shoelace.
[She bends and ties shoelace and stands up.]
Ginny: Merry Christmas, Harry.
Harry: Merry Christmas.
[Harry and Ginny turn at the sound. Suddenly, through the reeds, torches blaze. Harry turns, his breath fogging the windowpane as, far below, flames snake out of the reeds and slither toward the house. Bellatrix emerges, peering up through the darkness toward Harry’s silhouette, a mad grin on her face. As she shrieks eerily, his eyes flash with hatred. Harry bursts through the front door, wand drawn, pelts toward Bellatrix. She grins, turns, and vanishes into the reeds.]
Arthur: Harry, No!
Tonks: Remus!
[Flames race up the porch steps, climb the walls of the house.  Lupin draws his wand and races after Harry. Ron, Fred and George appear, join Arthur as he dashes toward the smoking marsh. Arthur glances back as Ginny emerges.]
Molly: Ginny!
[Without hesitation, she races for the reeds. Bellatrix's voice echoes.]
Bellatrix: I killed Sirius Black. I killed Sirius Black. You coming to get me? Harry, can you get me? You coming to get me?
[Harry and Ginny run through the rosebush, then stops. After looking around, they continue to run. Another pause.]
Ginny: Harry?
[Greyback steps out of the rosebush.]
Harry: Stupefy!
[Greyback vanishes. Harry and Ginny look around. Bellatrix comes in view.]
Lupin: Harry!
[Lupin comes into view as Harry and Ginny casts spell.]
Lupin: Ginny!
[Lupin and Tonks join Harry and Ginny. They look around. Bellatrix and Greyback disapparate into the sky. The Burrow is on fire.]
Arthur: Molly.
[They all run back to see the burned house. Back at Hogwarts.]
Hermione: It's so easy for them to get to you. You're bloody lucky you weren't killed. You have to realize who you are, Harry.
Harry: I know who I am, Hermione, all right? Sorry.
Ron: Lav, come on. Of course I'll wear it.
Lavender: That's my Won-Won.
[Lavender kneels at Ron.]
Hermione: Excuse me, I have to go and vomit.
[Hermione turns back as Harry walks forward. In Dumbledore's office, we transport to a memory.]
Slughorn: I'd like to know where you get your information. More knowledgeable than half the staff, you are.
[We are in Slughorn's office.]
Tom: Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?
Slughorn: Now, Tom, I couldn't tell you if I knew, could I? By the way, thank you for the pineapple, you're quite right, it is my favorite. But how did you know?
Tom: Intuition.
[The clock timer chimes.]
Slughorn: Good gracious, is it that time already? Off you go, boys, or Professor Dippet will have us all in detention.
[As the others file out, Slughorn busies himself with some papers when, Ping!. he turns, finds Riddle still there, standing by the crystal hourglass.]
Slughorn: Look sharp, Tom. Don't want to be caught out of bed after hours. Is something on your mind, Tom?
Tom: Yes, sir. You see, I couldn't think of anyone else to go to. The other professors, well, they're not like you. They might misunderstand.
Slughorn: Go on.
Tom: I was in the library the other night, in the restricted section and I read something rather odd about some piece of rare magic. And I thought perhaps you could illuminate me. It's called, as I understand it, Hobdudlb.
Slughorn: I beg your pardon. I don't know anything about such things, and if I did, I wouldn't tell you. Now, get out of here at once and don't let me ever catch you mentioning it again!
[We transport up to Dumbledore's office.]
Dumbledore: Confused? I'd be surprised if you weren't.
Harry: Well, I don't understand. What happened?
Dumbledore: This is perhaps the most important memory I've collected. It is also a lie. This memory has been tampered with, by the same person whose memory it is, our old friend, Professor Slughorn.
Harry: But why would he tamper with his own memory?
Dumbledore: I suspect he's ashamed of it.
Harry: Why?
Dumbledore: Why indeed? I asked you to get to know Professor Slughorn, and you have done so. Now I want you to persuade him to divulge his true memory any way you can.
Harry: I don't know him that well, sir.
[Dumbledore touches the Pensieve.]
Dumbledore: This memory is everything. Without it we are blind. Without it, we leave the fate of our world to chance. You have no choice. You must not fail.
[Dumbledore feels the Pensieve. Harry walks to the Potions classroom.]
Slughorn: So I'd highly recommend you reacquaint yourself with the chapter on antidotes. I'll tell you more about bezoars in our next class. Right, up you go. Alys, don't forget your rat tail.
[The class disperses. Slughorn turns as Harry walks in.]
Slughorn: Aha! If it isn't the prince of potions himself. To what do I owe this pleasure?
Harry: Sir, I wondered if I might ask you something.
Slughorn: Ask away, dear boy, ask away.
Harry: Well, you see, the other day I was in the library in the restricted section and I came across something rather odd about a very rare piece of magic.
Slughorn: Yes? And what was this rare piece of magic?
Harry: Well, I don't know, I can't remember the name exactly. But it just got me wondering. Are there some kinds of magic you're not allowed to teach us?
Slughorn: I'm the potions master, Harry, I think your question'd better be posed to Professor Snape.
Harry: Yes, umm, he and I don't exactly see eye to eye, sir. What I mean to say, is, well, he's not like you. He might misunderstand.
Slughorn: Yes. There can be no light without the dark, and so it is with magic. Myself, I've always strived to live within the light. I suggest you do the same.
Harry: Is that what you told Tom Riddle, sir, when he came asking questions?
[Slughorn turns to face Harry.]
Slughorn: Dumbledore put you up to this, didn't he? Didn't he?
[He leaves the classroom. Harry knocks on Slughorn's door.]
Slughorn: Yes? Oh, it's you Potter. I'm sorry, I'm busy at the moment.
[Slughorn closes the door and locks it. In the Gryffindor Common Room, Harry walks up to Ron.]
Ron: It's beautiful, isn't it? The moon.
Harry: Divine. Had ourselves a little late-night snack, did we?
[Ron turns to Harry and stands.]
Ron: It was on your bed, the box. I thought I'd try one.
Harry: Or twenty.
Ron: I can't stop thinking about her, Harry.
Harry: Honestly, you know, I reckoned she was starting to annoy you.
Ron: She could never annoy me.
[Ron and Harry sit on a bed.]
Ron: I think I love her.
[Ron nods.]
Harry: Well, brilliant.
[Harry leaves to sit on another bed.]
Ron: Do you think she knows I exist?
Harry: I bloody well hope so. She's been snogging you for three months.
Ron: Snogging? Who are you talking about?
Harry: Who are you talking about?
Ron: Romilda, of course. Romilda Vane.
Harry: Okay, very funny.
[Harry gets up and finds scraps of paper. Ron throws something at Harry.]
Harry: Ow, what's that for?
Ron: It's no joke! I'm in love with her.
Harry: All right fine, you're in love with her. Have you ever actually met her?
Ron: No. Can you introduce me?
[Ron walks back to the window and sits. Harry looks at a card and walks up to Ron.]
Harry: Come on, Ron. I'm gonna introduce you to Romilda Vane.
[Harry helps Ron stand and they leave to go to Slughorn's office. Harry knocks on the door.]
Harry: I'm sorry, sir, I wouldn't bother you if it weren't absolutely essential.
Ron: Where's Romilda?
Slughorn: What's the matter with Wembley?
[Harry whispers.]
Harry: Very powerful love potion.
Slughorn: Very well, better bring him in. I would've thought you could whip up a remedy for this in no time, Harry.
Harry: Well, I thought this called for more practiced hands, sir.
Ron: Hello, darling. What's your drink?
Slughorn: Perhaps you're right.
[Harry walks to the side of Ron and sits him on the couch.]
Harry: I'm sorry, by the way, professor, about earlier today. Our misunderstanding.
Slughorn: Oh, not at all. All water under the bridge, you know? Correct?
Harry: I expect you're tired a bit after all these years. Full of questions about Voldemort.
[Slughorn turns to Harry.]
Slughorn: Don't use that name.
[As Slughorn mixes a drink, Ron climbs a couch and falls over. Harry and Slughorn turn. Harry sits Ron again.]
Slughorn: There you are, old boy. Bottoms up.
Ron: What's this?
Slughorn: Tonic for the nerves.
[Ron drinks it and suddenly has a feeling.]
Ron: What happened to me?
Slughorn: Love potion. A bloody strong one at that.
Ron: I feel really bad.
Slughorn: You'll need a pick-me-up, my boy. Got Butterbeer, wine, dazzling oak-matured mead. I had other intentions for this, but I think given the circumstances...
[Slughorn pours a drink and hands one to Harry.]
Slughorn: Here we are, Potter. To life!
[They share glasses. Ron falls to the floor. He starts gibbering.]
Harry: Ron! Ron! Professor, do something.
[Harry leaves Ron.]
Slughorn: I-I don't understand.
[Harry opens the drawers to find a bezoar and shoves it down Ron's mouth.]
Harry: Come on, Ron, breathe.
[Harry checks Ron. Ron coughs and sits up.]
Ron: These girls, they're going to kill me.
[Ron lies down. McGonagall and Professors enter the Hospital Wing.]
Dumbledore: Quick thinking on your part, Harry, using the bezoar. You must be very proud of your student, Horace.
Slughorn: Hm? Oh, yes, very proud.
McGonagall: I think we agree. Potter's actions were heroic. The question is: why were they necessary?
Dumbledore: Why indeed? This appears to be a gift, Horace. You don't remember who gave you this bottle? By the way, possesses remarkably subtle hints of licorice and sherry, but not polluted with poison.
Slughorn: Actually, I had intended to give it as a gift myself.
Dumbledore: To whom, I might ask?
Slughorn: To you, headmaster.
[Lavender runs.]
Lavender: Where is he? Where's my Won-Won? Has he been asking for me? What's she doing here?
Hermione: I might ask you the same question.
Lavender: I happen to be his girlfriend.
Hermione: I happen to be his friend.
Lavender: Don't make me laugh. You haven't spoken in weeks. I suppose you want to make up with him now, that he's suddenly all interesting?
Hermione: He's been poisoned you daft dimbo. And for the record, I've always found him interesting.
Lavender: Ah, see? He senses my presence. Don't worry, Won-won. I'm here. I'm here.
Ron: I missed her. Her, my, nee.  Hermione. Hermione.
[Lavender runs away, crying.]
Dumbledore: Oh, to be young and to feel love's keen sting. Well, come on everybody. Mr. Weasley is well tended.
[Everyone except Harry, Slughorn and Hermione leave.]
Ginny: About time, don't you think?
Harry: Thank you.
Hermione: Oh, shut up.
[Harry leaves the hospital wing. A shadow of Draco is seen as Harry looks through. Draco walks to the Room of Requirement, seeing a bird. Harry looks at a wall. Draco uncovers a cabinet and puts a bird inside it. He closes it and looks at his hand at a feather. He opens the cabinet and nothing is inside. It is raining at Borgin and Burkes. We go inside it. Draco opens the cabinet and the bird is dead. He cries. In the Great Hall, Harry and Hermione read a newspaper. Snow falls on the table.]
Hermione: Stop it, Ron. You're making it snow.
[Harry looks up and clears it.]
Ron: Tell me how I broke up with Lavender, again.
Hermione: Umm, well, she came to visit you in the hospital. And you talked. I don't believe it was a particularly long conversation.
Ron: Don't get me wrong, I'm bloody thrilled to be shot of hers. She seems a bit put out.
[They all look at Lavender.]
Hermione: Yes, she does, doesn't she? You say, you don't remember anything from that night? Anything at all?
Ron: There is something.
[He thinks.]
Ron: But it can't be. I was completely boggled, wasn't I?
Hermione: Right. Boggled.
[Harry looks at his book.]
Hermione: Harry, there's Katie. Katie Bell.
[Harry gets up, closes the book and walks to Katie.]
Harry: Katie. How are you?
Katie: I know you're going to ask, Harry, but I don't know who cursed me. I've been trying to remember, honestly. But I just can't.
[Harry turns behind and sees Draco. Draco leaves the Great Hall.]
Girl: Katie?
[Harry and Draco leave the Great Hall and go to a bathroom. Draco takes off his jacket and turns on the sink. He washes his face. He sobs. Harry arrives to hear Draco sobbing.]
Harry: I know what you did, Malfoy. You hexed her, didn't you?
[Draco turns and casts spells. Harry casts to hit a pipe. They fight. Harry goes underneath a toilet. Casts are spun. Harry runs to cast at Malfoy.]
Harry: Sectumsempra!
[Draco lays on the floor. Harry walks to him. The bathroom is leaking. Draco coughs. Snape walks to Draco and examines him. Harry leaves the bathroom as Snape heals Draco's wounds.]
Snape: Vulnera Sanentur. Vulnera Sanentur. Vulnera Sanentur.
[We switch to the Gryffindor Common Room where we see a Potions book. We pan up to see Ginny, Hermione and Ron. Ginny stands up to walk to Harry.]
Ginny: You have to get rid of it. Today.
[Harry nods.]
Ginny: Take my hand.
[Harry takes Ginny's hand and we go into the Room of Requirement.]
Harry: The room of requirement.
[Ginny and Harry look to the right. Ginny walks forward.]
Ginny: We need to hide the Half Blood Prince's book, where no one will ever find it, including you.
[They walk forward. They hear noises.]
Harry and Ginny (in unison): What was that?
[We see an image of the cabinet. Harry walks forward and opens the cabinet. A bird flies past them.]
Ginny: See? You never know what you'll find up here.
[Ginny walks forward. She takes the book Harry's holding.]
Ginny: All right, close your eyes. That way, you can't be tempted.
[She steps back.]
Ginny: Close your eyes.
[Harry closes his eyes. Ginny hides the book. She walks forward to kiss Harry.]
Ginny: I can stay hidden up here, too, if you like.
[Ginny slowly disappears. Ron meets up with Harry.]
Ron: So, did you and Ginny do it, then?
Harry: What?
Ron: You know, hide the book?
Harry: Oh, yeah.
[Harry and Ron see Slughorn.]
Slughorn: Ah. Dear, yes.
Ron: Still no luck with Slughorn, then, I take it?
Harry: Luck. That's it. All I need's a bit of luck.
[In the Gryffindor Common Room, Harry uncaps the bottle of Felix Felicis and drinks it. Ron and Hermione watch him.]
Hermione: Well, how do you feel?
Harry: Excellent. Really excellent.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione stand up.]
Hermione: Remember, Slughorn usually eats early, takes a walk, and then returns to his office.
Harry: Right. I'm going down to Hagrid's.
[He starts to leave.]
Hermione: What? No, Harry, you've got to go and speak to Slughorn. We have a plan.
Harry: I know, but I've got a really good feeling about Hagrid's. I feel it's, it's the place to be tonight. Do you know what I mean?
Ron and Hermione (in unison): No.
Harry: Well, trust me. I know what I'm doing. Or Felix does.
[He leaves.]
Harry: Hi.
[Some students enter. Ron and Hermione watch him leave. Slughorn opens the door to the Herbology greenhouse and enters carefully. He starts to cut before when Harry sees him. Harry walks in. Slughorn cuts something and hesitates.]
Slughorn: Oh! Merlin's beard, Harry.
Harry: Sorry, sir. I should have announced myself. Cleared my throat, coughed. You probably feared I was Professor Sprout.
Slughorn: Yes, I did, actually. What makes you think that?
Harry: Oh, well, just the general behavior. Sneaking around, jumping when you saw me. Are those tentacular leaves, sir? They're very valuable, aren't they?
Slughorn: Ten Galleons a leaf to the right buyer. Not that I'm familiar with any backalley transactions, but one does hear rumors. My own interests are purely academic, of course.
Harry: Personally, these plants always kind of freaked me out.
[Slughorn turns to Harry. Harry starts to leave the greenhouse.]
Slughorn: Exactly how did you get out of the castle, Harry?
Harry: Through the front door, sir. I'm off to Hagrid's, you see. He's a very dear friend, and I just fancied paying him a visit. So, if you don't mind, I will be going now.
[Harry starts to leave.]
Slughorn: Harry!
[Harry turns back.]
Harry: Sir?
Slughorn: It's nearly nightfall. Surely you realize I can't allow you to go roaming the grounds by yourself?
Harry: Well, then, by all means, come along, sir.
[Slughorn thinks about it. They depart to Hagrid's hut.]
Slughorn: Harry, I must insist you accompany me back to the castle, immediately!
Harry: That would be counterproductive, sir.
Slughorn: And what makes you say that?
Harry: No idea.
[Harry and Slughorn approach Hagrid and Fang. He has a shovel with a dead spider, acromantula. Hagrid sobs.]
Hagrid: Horace.
Slughorn: Merlin's beard. Is that an actual Acromantula?
Harry: A dead one, I think, sir.
[Fang whimpers.]
Slughorn: Good god. Dear fellow, however did you manage to kill it?
Hagrid: Kill it? My oldest friend, he was.
Slughorn: I'm so sorry, I didn't...
Hagrid: Oh, don't worry yourself, you're not alone. Seriously misunderstood creatures, spiders are. It's the eyes, I reckon. They unnerve some folk.
Harry: Not to mention the pincers.
[He makes gesture sounds.]
Hagrid: Yeah, I reckon that, too.
Slughorn: Hagrid, the last thing I wish to be is indelicate, but Acromantula venom is uncommonly rare. Would you allow me to extract a vial or two? Purely for academic purposes, you understand?
Hagrid: Well, I don't suppose it's going to do him much good now, is it?
Slughorn: Yeah, my thoughts exactly. I have an ampoule or two about my person for just such occasions as this.
[He holds a vial.]
Slughorn: Old Potion Master's habit, you know?
[He uncorks it.]
Hagrid: I wish you could have seen him in his prime. Magnificent he was. Just magnificent.
Slughorn: Oh dear.
[He puts something down and joins Hagrid.]
Slughorn: Would you like me to say a few words?
Hagrid: Yes.
Slughorn: He had family, I trust?
Harry: Oh, yeah.
Slughorn: Farewell...
Hagrid: Aragog.
[They stare at Aragog.]
Slughorn: Farewell, Aragog, king of the arachnids.
[Fang whimpers.]
Slughorn: Your body will decay, but your spirit lingers on. And your human friends find solace in the loss they have sustained.
[In Hagrid's cabin, Hagrid and Slughorn sing a song.]
Hagrid and Slughorn (in unison): ...and if you rest, and did once snout in two, which was sane.
[Hagrid laughs as Harry claps.]
Hagrid: I had him from an egg, you know? Tiny little thing he was when he hatched. No bigger than a Pekinese. A Pekinese, mind you.
Slughorn: How sweet. I once had a fish, Francis. He was very dear to me. One afternoon I came downstairs, and he'd vanished. Poof.
Hagrid: That's very odd, isn't it?
Slughorn: It is, isn't it? But that's life, I suppose. You go along and then suddenly, poof.
Hagrid: Poof.
Harry: Poof.
[Hagrid drinks wine and suddenly falls asleep.]
Slughorn: It was a student who gave me Francis. One spring afternoon, I discovered a bowl on my desk, with just a few inches of clear water in it. And floating on the surface was a flower petal. As I watched it sank. Just before it reached the bottom, it transformed into a wee fish. It was beautiful magic. Wondrous to behold. The flower petal had come from a lily. Your mother. The day I came downstairs, the day the bowl was empty, was the day your mother. I know why you're here. But I can't help you. It would ruin me.
Harry: Do you know why I survived, professor? The night I got this?
[He shows scar.]
Harry: Because of her. Because she sacrificed herself, because she refused to step aside. Because her love was more powerful than Voldemort.
Slughorn: Don't say his name.
Harry: I'm not afraid of the name, professor.
[He stands and walks to Slughorn.]
Harry: I'm going to tell you something. Something others have only guessed at. It's true. I am the Chosen One. Only I can destroy him, but in order to do so, I need to know what Tom Riddle asked you all those years ago in your office and I need to know what you told him.
[Slughorn shakes head.]
Harry: Be brave, professor. Be brave like my mother. Otherwise, you disgrace her. Otherwise, she died for nothing. Otherwise. the bowl will remain empty forever.
[Slughorn takes out a vial.]
Slughorn: Please, don't think badly of me when you see it. You've no idea what he was like. even then.
[He takes a slip of hair from his head and puts it in the vial. Harry holds Slughorn's hand as he does so. Dumbledore tips Slughorn's memory into the pensieve. We go into the pensieve once more. Slughorn dings the timer.]
Riddle: I was in the library the other night, in the restricted section, and I read something rather odd about a bit of rare magic. It's called, as I understand it, a horcrux.
Slughorn: I beg your pardon?
Riddle: Horcrux. I came across the term while reading, and I didn't fully understand it.
Slughorn: I'm not sure what you were reading, Tom, but this is very dark stuff, very dark indeed.
Riddle: Which is why I came to you.
Slughorn: A horcrux is an object in which a person has concealed part of their soul.
Riddle: But I don't understand how that works, sir.
Slughorn: One splits one's soul and hides part of it in an object. By doing so, you're protected, should you be attacked and your body destroyed.
Riddle: Protected?
Slughorn: The part of your soul that is hidden lives on. In other words, you cannot die.
[Riddle glances at the fireplace.]
Riddle: And how does one split his soul, sir?
Slughorn: I think you already know the answer to that, Tom.
Riddle: Murder.
Slughorn: Yes. Killing rips the soul apart, it is a violation against nature.
[The voice whispers in the ring.]
Riddle: Can you only split the soul once? For instance, isn't seven?
Slughorn: Seven? Merlin's beard, Tom. Isn't it bad enough to consider killing one person? To rip the soul into seven pieces. This is all hypothetical, isn't it, Tom? All academic?
[Riddle turns around.]
Riddle: Of course, sir. It'll be our little secret.
[We transport up into Dumbledore's office.]
Harry: Sir.
[Dumbledore feels Harry, then he walks to sit down.]
Dumbledore: This is beyond anything I imagined.
Harry: You mean to say he succeeded, sir, in making a horcrux?
Dumbledore: Oh yes, he succeeded all right. And not just once.
Harry: What are they, exactly?
Dumbledore: Could be anything. Most commonplace of objects.
[Dumbledore walks to his desk. Harry follows him.]
Dumbledore: A ring, for example. Or a book.
Harry: Tom Riddle's diary.
Dumbledore: It's a Horcrux, yes. Four years ago, when you saved Ginny Weasley from the Chamber of Secrets you brought me this. I knew then this was a different kind of magic. Very dark, very powerful. But until tonight I had no idea just how powerful.
Harry: And the ring?
Dumbledore: Belonged to Voldemort's mother. Difficult to find. Even more difficult to destroy.
Harry: But if you could find them all, if you did destroy each horcrux...
Dumbledore: One destroys Voldemort.
Harry: But how do you find them? They could be hidden anywhere, couldn't they?
Dumbledore: True. But magic, especially dark magic...
[Harry touches the ring and we see memories. It spins and lands flat. Harry and Dumbledore look up.]
Dumbledore: ...leaves traces.
[Dumbledore leaves his desk.]
Harry: That's where you've been going, isn't there, sir? When you leave school?
Dumbledore: Yes. And I think perhaps I may have found another. But this time, I cannot hope to destroy it alone. Once again, I must ask too much of you, Harry.
[Snape and Dumbledore meet at the Astronomy Tower.]
Snape: Have you ever considered that you ask too much, that you take too much for granted? Has it ever crossed your brilliant mind that I don't want to do this anymore?
Dumbledore: Whether it has or hasn't is irrelevant. I will not negotiate with you, Severus. You agreed. Nothing more to discuss.
[As Harry approaches, Snape leaves the Astronomy Tower. A bird flies by. He sees Dumbledore turn back.]
Dumbledore: Oh, Harry. You need a shave, my friend. You know, at times, I forget how much you've grown. At times, I still see the small boy from the cupboard. Forgive my mawkishness, Harry. I'm an old man.
Harry: You still look the same to me, sir.
Dumbledore: Just like your mother, you're unfailingly kind. A trait people never fail to undervalue, I'm afraid. The place to which we journey tonight is extremely dangerous. I promised you could accompany me, and I stand by that promise. But there's one condition: You must obey every command I give you without question.
Harry: Yes, sir.
Dumbledore: You do understand what I'm saying? Should I tell you to hide, you hide. Should I tell you to run, you run. Should I tell you to abandon me and save yourself, you must do so.
[He hesitates.]
Dumbledore: Your word, Harry.
Harry: My word.
[Dumbledore shows arm.]
Dumbledore: Take my arm.
Harry: Sir, I thought you couldn't Apparate within Hogwarts?
Dumbledore: Well, being me has its privileges.
[Harry takes Dumbledore's arm and they Apparate from Hogwarts into the shoreline. Harry and Dumbledore stand on a rock. The waves push the rock forward. Breeze blows through their hair. They enter a cave.]
Dumbledore: This is the place. Oh, yes. This place has known magic.
[Dumbledore takes out his wand and takes payment from his hand.]
Harry: Sir!
Dumbledore: In order to gain passage, payment must be made. Payment intended to weaken any intruder.
Harry: You should've let me, sir.
Dumbledore: No, Harry. Your blood's much more precious than mine.
[Dumbledore presses on the door and it opens. They enter through crystals.]
Dumbledore: Voldemort will not have made it easy to discover this hiding place. He will put certain defenses in position. Careful.
[Dumbledore moves his wand and casts it into the horizon. The light glows.]
Dumbledore: There it is. The only question is, how do we get there?
[Dumbledore steps down. He points to the horizon. Something bubbles in the water. He gets a chain from the water.]
Dumbledore: If you would, Harry.
[Dumbledore hands the chain to Harry. He starts to pull until a boat comes out. It comes floating to them. They head into the place where the Horcrux is. At the Horcrux location, Harry and Dumbledore step out of the boat. They reach the basin.]
Harry: Do you think the Horcrux is in there, sir?
Dumbledore: Oh yes.
[He uses his hand to summon it. He looks up.]
Dumbledore: It has to be drunk. All of it has to be drunk. You remember the conditions on which I brought you with me? This potion might paralyze me. Might make me forget why I'm here. Might cause me so much pain that I beg for relief. You are not to indulge these requests. It's your job, Harry, to make sure I keep drinking this potion. Even if you have to force it down my throat. Understood?
Harry: Why can't I drink it, sir?
Dumbledore: Because I am much older, much cleverer and much less valuable.
[He takes the cup.]
Dumbledore: Your good health, Harry.
[He takes a cup of water and starts drinking. He starts gesturing.]
Harry: Professor!
[Dumbledore starts making motions.]
Harry: Professor!
[He helps Dumbledore to his feet.]
Dumbledore: Harry?
Harry: Professor, can you hear me? Professor?
[Dumbledore feels something. Harry takes the cup and scoops more water. He helps Dumbledore drink.]
Dumbledore: No. Don't.
Harry: You have to keep drinking, like you said. Remember?
[He helps Dumbledore drink. Dumbledore hesitates.]
Dumbledore: Stop.
Harry: It will stop. It will stop, but only, only if you keep drinking.
Dumbledore: Please don't make me.
Harry: I'm sorry, sir.
Dumbledore: Please. Kill me. Kill me!
Harry: No!
Dumbledore: It's my fault. It's all my fault. It's my fault.
Harry: Just one more, sir. One more, and then I promise. I promise I'll do what you say.
[Dumbledore shakes his head.]
Harry: I promise.
Dumbledore: No.
[He shakes his head again.]
Harry: Please!
[Dumbledore hesitates and drinks more water.]
Dumbledore: Harry.
[He hesitates.]
Dumbledore: Water. Water.
Harry: Water.
[Harry walks up to the basin and finds the Horcrux.]
Harry: You did it, sir. Look.
[Harry looks at the locket.]
Dumbledore: Harry. Water.
Harry: Aguamenti.
[Water fills the basin again.]
Dumbledore: Water.
[Harry takes to scoop out water, but nothing comes. As the glow fades away, Harry walks to the lake and sits down. He tries to scoop more water. The light is now gone. Harry gets out his wand.]
Harry: Lumos.
[His wand lights up. He steps towards the lake. He scoops water, but an Inferi gets his cup and he stands back. Harry looks around as more Inferi appear.]
Harry: Lumos Maxima.
[Harry casts it into the horizon. Inferi appear.]
Dumbledore: Harry!
Harry: Stupefy! Stupefy! Sectumsempra!
Dumbledore: Harry.
Harry: Incarcerus! Stupefy!
Dumbledore: Harry!
[Harry looks around. Inferi surround him and Dumbledore. Harry tries to tag Inferi away, but is then pulled into the lake by Inferi. He's slowly drowning. An Inferi grabs him by the neck. Harry tries to resist free. Dumbledore casts the fire. Inferi swarm away. Harry rises himself up. Dumbledore casts the Inferi away. Harry climbs back up to Dumbledore.]
Dumbledore: Harry.
[Harry and Dumbledore walk to the exit.]
Dumbledore: Partis Temporus!
[The pathway clears. Draco lays in a bed. Thunder rumbles as he gets out. Lights go out. Dark hooded figures enter Borgin and Burkes. Bellatrix feels a cabinet. The choir starts singing as Draco walks to the Room of Requirement. McGonagall goes into the Entrance Courtyard.]
McGonagall: Go to your houses. No dawdling.
[McGonagall looks at the sky. Snape does the same. Birds chirp. Draco uncovers the cabinet and steps back. The cabinet handles tilt to the corner. The cabinet opens. Draco walks away as Death Eaters appear. Bellatrix puts her wand at her hair. Harry and Dumbledore reappear at Hogwarts at the Astronomy Tower.]
Harry: We need to get you to the hospital wing, sir, to Madam Pomfrey.
[Harry and Dumbledore reach a sitting position.]
Dumbledore: No. Severus. Severus is whom I need. Wake him. Tell him what happened. Speak to no one else. Severus, Harry.
[Harry leaves Dumbledore and looks back. Dumbledore stands up.]
Dumbledore: Hide yourself below, Harry. Don't speak or be seen by anybody without my permission. Whatever happens, it's imperative you stay below. Harry, do as I say.
[The door opens. Someone walks in.]
Dumbledore: Trust me. Trust me.
[Harry goes underneath. Draco walks up to the top to meet Dumbledore. He points his wand at Dumbledore.]
Dumbledore: Good evening, Draco. What brings you here on this fine spring evening?
Draco: Who else is here? I heard you talking.
Dumbledore: I often talk aloud to myself. I find it extraordinarily useful. Have you been whispering to yourself, Draco? Draco, you are no assassin.
Draco: How do you know what I am? I've done things that would shock you.
Dumbledore: Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping that in return she'd bear a cursed necklace to me? Like replacing a bottle of mead with one laced with poison? Forgive me, Draco. I cannot help feeling these actions are so weak that your heart can't really have been in them.
Draco: He trusts me. I was chosen.
[Draco shows his arm.]
Dumbledore: I shall make it easy for you.
Draco: Expelliarmus.
[Dumbledore's wand flies away.]
Dumbledore: Very good. Very good.
[Harry turns as footsteps are heard.]
Dumbledore: You're not alone.
[The door closes.]
Dumbledore: There are others. How?
Draco: The vanishing cabinet in the Room of Requirement. I've been mending it.
Dumbledore: Let me guess. It has a sister. A twin.
Draco: In Borgin and Burkes. They form a passage.
Dumbledore: Ingenious. Draco, years ago, I knew a boy who made all the wrong choices. Please let me help you.
Draco: I don't want your help! Don't you understand? I have to do this. I have to kill you or he's gonna kill me.
[Death Eaters walk up the stairs and arrive at the Astronomy Tower.]
Bellatrix: Well, look what we have here. Well done, Draco.
[She moves away.]
Dumbledore: Good evening, Bellatrix. I think introductions are in order, don't you?
Bellatrix: Love to, Albus, but I'm afraid we're all on a bit of a tight schedule. Do it!
Snape: He doesn't have the stomach, just like his father. Let me finish him in my own way.
Bellatrix: No! The Dark Lord was clear, the boy is to do it. This is your moment. Do it. Do it. Go on, Draco, Noow!
Snape: No.
[Snape arrives at the top of the Astronomy Tower. Harry looks at the top.]
Dumbledore: Severus.
[A moment of hesitation.]
Dumbledore: Please.
Snape: Avada Kedavra.
[He casts the spell at Dumbledore. Dumbledore starts falling to his death. We see an image of Dumbledore falling. Bellatrix grabs Draco's shoulder. She casts the Dark Mark into the sky. Death Eaters leave the Astronomy Tower. Moments later, Harry leaves as well. They head to Hagrid's Hut. Bellatrix runs down a House Table. A spell is cast on someone. Bellatrix casts the spell to get the lights dimmed out. Draco looks back as the lights go out in the Great Hall. Death Eaters and Harry go to Hagrid's cabin. Harry runs to catch up to them. The Death Eaters arrive at Hagrid's cabin.]
Bellatrix: Hagrid! Hello?
Harry: Snape! He trusted you!
[Snape and Draco turn as Harry arrives. Bellatrix sets the cabin on fire. Snape and Draco look back. Bellatrix yells.]
Snape: Go on!
Harry: Incarcerous!
[Harry casts the spell, but Snape deflects it.]
Harry: Fight back! You coward, fight back!
[Bellatrix casts the spell at Harry. Harry falls backwards. Bellatrix laughs.]
Snape: No! He belongs to the Dark Lord.
[Bellatrix runs away from Snape. Snape looks and walks back to the hut. Harry stands back up and walks up and casts at Snape.]
Harry: Sectumsempra!
[Snape deflects the spell again. Harry falls backwards again. He pants. Snape walks up to Harry.]
Snape: You dare use my own spells against me, Potter? Yes, I'm the Half Blood Prince.
[Snape looks and walks away from Harry. He pants. The Dark Mark is still in the sky. Harry, Hagrid and a few other people enter the Transfiguration Courtyard. Harry walks forward to see Dumbledore dead on the ground. He summons Dumbledore and picks up a locket they found in the cave. Harry feels Dumbledore's chest. Ginny walks up to Harry. She hugs him. Harry cries. McGonagall casts her wands into the sky. People raise their wands into the sky and cast at the Dark Mark. There is a glow as the Dark Mark vanishes. Harry and Ginny cry as Dumbledore is dead. We are in the Great Hall with the glass shattered. All the lights have gone out. Plates and glasses are missing. Harry enters Dumbledore's office. We see letters, books, a wand. Harry looks at a wand when McGonagall enters. Harry looks at her.]
McGonagall: Potter, in light of what has happened...
[Harry puts the wand down and looks at McGonagall.]
McGonagall: ...if you should have the need to talk to someone...
[Harry starts leaving Dumbledore's office.]
McGonagall: You should know, Professor Dumbledore, you meant a great deal to him.
[Harry looks at Dumbledore's portrait and looks back at McGonagall. At the Astronomy Tower.]
Hermione: Do you think he would've done it? Draco?
Harry: No. No, he was lowering his wand. In the end it was Snape. It was always Snape. And I did nothing.
[Harry and Hermione stare at the locket. Harry puts it in Hermione's hand.]
Harry: It's fake. Open it.
[Hermione opens the locket. There is a message. Hermione takes it and unfurls the letter.]
Hermione: To the Dark Lord. I know I will be dead long before you read this, but I want you to know it was I who discovered your secret. I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can. I face death in the hope that when you meet your match, you will be mortal once more. R.A.B. R.A.B.
Harry: Don't know. But whoever they are, they have the real Horcrux. Which means it was all a waste. All of it.
[Ron glances at Harry and Hermione. She stares back at the letter.]
Hermione: Ron's okay with you, you know? You and Ginny. If I were you. when he's around, I'd keep the snogging to a minimum.
[Harry and Hermione look back outside. Hermione stares at Harry.]
Harry: I'm not coming back, Hermione. I've got to finish whatever Dumbledore started. And I don't know where that'll lead me, but I'll let you and Ron know where I am when I can.
Hermione: I've always admired your courage, Harry. But sometimes you can be really thick.
[Harry and Hermione look at each other.]
Hermione: You don't really think you're going to be able to find all those horcruxes by yourself, do you? You need us, Harry.
[They stare outside the tower.]
Harry: I never realized how beautiful this place was.
[We hear a bird call. A bird flies in the air. Harry, Ron and Hermione look back. They all look out into the horizon as the bird takes off with the locket.]