[The movie starts with a flashback from the end of Deathly Hallows Part 1. At the island where Albus Dumbledore's tomb is located, the stones guarding the tomb are magically moved aside. Voldemort examines Albus before he takes the Elder Wand from the tomb. He examines it, and points it skyward, sending out a beam of electricity that illuminates the sky. The Warner Bros. logo then moves toward the screen. We cut to a foggy-looking Hogwarts, with Dementors all around. Severus Snape stands in the battlements, watching the students from different houses marching through the entry courtyard. The film's title zooms towards the screen. Harry kneels down by Dobby's grave at Shell Cottage as he examines the piece of the mirror with another person. He puts a stone down on the grave. Inside the cottage, Ron and Hermione sit at a table, as Luna walks up to chains and touches it.]
Luna: It's beautiful here.
[Bill puts a mug down as Fleur turns.]
Bill: It was our aunt's. We used to come here as kids. The Order uses it now as a safe house. What's left of us at least.
[Harry walks away from the doorway behind Luna.]
Luna: Muggles think these things keep evil away, but they're wrong.
[Harry approaches Luna.]
Harry: I need to talk to the Goblin.
[The door opens. Bill leads Harry, Ron and Hermione inside to meet Griphook. Harry looks back as Bill exits the room.]
Harry: How are you?
Griphook: Alive.
[Harry turns back.]
Harry: You probably don't remember that you...
[He walks forward to take a seat.]
Griphook: That I showed you to your vault the first time you came to Gringotts? Even amongst goblins you're famous, Harry Potter.
[Harry looks outside the window at the beach and back.]
Griphook: You buried the elf.
Harry: Yes.
Griphook: And brought me here. You are a very unusual wizard.
[There is silence as he points at the sword.]
Griphook: How did you come by the sword?
[Harry stares at it and back at Griphook.]
Harry: It's complicated. Why did Bellatrix Lestrange think that it should be in her vault at Gringotts?
Griphook: It's complicated.
Harry: The sword presented itself to us in a moment of need. We didn't steal it.
Griphook: There is a sword in Madam Lestrange's vault identical to this one, but it is a fake. It was placed there this past summer.
Harry: And she never suspected it was a fake?
Griphook: The replica is very convincing. Only a goblin would recognize that this is the true Sword of Gryffindor.
Hermione: Who is the acquaintance?
Griphook: A Hogwarts Professor. As I understand that he's now Headmaster.
Ron: Snape? He put a fake sword in Bellatrix's vault. Why?
Griphook: There are more than a few curious things in the vaults at Gringotts.
Harry: And in Madam Lestrange's vault as well?
Griphook: Perhaps.
Harry: I need to get into Gringotts. Into one of the vaults.
Griphook: This is impossible.
Harry: Alone, yes. But with you, no.
[Griphook puts his hands together.]
Griphook: Why should I help you?
Harry: I have gold. Lots of it.
Griphook: I've no interest in gold.
Harry: Then what?
[Griphook points.]
Griphook: That. That is my price.
[Harry looks at the sword. Luna and Bill are at a table. The door opens. Harry, Ron and Hermione exit the bedroom.]
Hermione: Are you thinking there's a Horcrux in Bellatrix's vault?
Harry: Well, she was terrified when she thought we'd been in there. She kept asking you what else we'd taken? I bet you anything, there's a Horcrux in there, another piece of his soul. Let's find it, kill it, and we're one step closer to killing him.
Ron: And what happens when we find it? How are we supposed to destroy it now you've given the sword to Griphook?
Harry: I'm still working on that part.
[The door opens. Fleur appears.]
Fleur: He's weak.
[She steps aside to let them in. Harry, Ron and Hermione enter Ollivander's room.]
Ollivander: Yes?
Harry: Mr. Ollivander, I need to ask you a few questions.
Ollivander: Anything, my boy. Anything!
[Harry steps forward to show Ollivander the wand.]
Harry: Would you mind identifying this wand? We need to know if it's safe to use.
[Harry sits down as Ollivander studies the wand.]
Ollivander: Walnut. Dragon Heartstring. Twelve and three-quarter inches. Unyie...
[He looks away from the wand.]
Ollivander: Unyielding. This belonged to Bellatrix Lestrange. Treat it carefully.
[He hands Harry the wand and Harry pockets it. Harry shows Ollivander another wand.]
Harry: And this?
[Ollivander studies another wand.]
Ollivander: Hawthorn. And unicorn hair. Ten inches. Reasonably pliant. This was the wand of Draco Malfoy.
Harry: Was? Is it not still?
Ollivander: Well, perhaps not, if you won it from him. I sense its allegiance has changed.
[He hands Harry the wand back and Harry pockets it.]
Harry: You talk about wands, as if they have feelings can think!
Ollivander: The wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter. That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied wandlore.
Harry: And what do you know about the Deathly Hallows?
Ollivander: It is rumored there are three: The Elder Wand, the Cloak of Invisibility, to hide you from your enemies, and the Resurrection Stone, to bring back loved ones from the dead. Together, they make one the Master of Death.  But few truly believe that such objects exist.
Harry: Do you? Do you believe they exist, sir?
Ollivander: Well, I see no reasons to put stock into an old wives' tale.
Harry: You're lying! You know one exists. You told him about it. You told him about the Elder Wand and where he could go looking for it.
Ollivander: He tortured me. Besides, I only conveyed rumors. There's, there's no telling whether he will find it.
Harry: He has found it, sir. We'll let you rest.
[He stands and walks as Ron opens the door.]
Ollivander: He's after you, Mr. Potter. If it's true what you say, and he has the Elder Wand, I'm afraid, you really don't stand a chance.
Harry: Well, I suppose I'll have to kill him before he finds me, then.
[Harry exits Ollivander's room. Hermione holds up Polyjuice Potion.]
Ron: Are you sure that's hers?
[The view becomes clear.]
Hermione: Positive.
[We are outside the cottage. Hermione is as Bellatrix as she and Griphook approach Ron and Harry.]
Hermione: Well? How do I look?
[Harry turns to Ron.]
Ron: Hideous.
Harry: You can give that to Hermione to hold, all right, Griphook?
[Griphook hands Hermione the sword. Harry moves aside as Hermione and Griphook come. Ron stretches out a hand. Hermione and Harry touch it. Griphook approaches the group.]
Harry: We're relying on you, Griphook. If you get us past the guards into the vault, the sword's yours.
[Griphook touches the hands and they Disapparate into Diagon Alley. Hermione walks forward as two people walk around. Someone glances at Hermione and back.]
Bald Man: Madam Lestrange.
Hermione: Good morning.
[The man walks off.]
Griphook: Good morning? Good morning?
[Hermione walks over to him and her friends.]
Griphook: You're Bellatrix Lestrange, not some dewey-eyed school girl!
Ron: Hey, easy!
Griphook: If she gives us away, we might as well use that sword to slit our own throats. Understand?
Hermione: No, he's right. I was being stupid.
[Men shout nearby.]
Harry: Okay. Let's do it.
[He bends down so Griphook can climb onto his back while Hermione steps out of the side street and Ron throws the Invisibility Cloak over them. They are now inside Gringotts. Ron and Hermione look at each other, then walk slowly towards the counter at the far end. Goblins are doing business. Hermione loses her balance on her right foot slightly. Some of the goblins look at her suspiciously. Behind them, Harry follows under the cloak. We see views. As they walk, the two Death Eaters who searched the Hogwarts Express for Harry pass them to leave. A pen scratches a paper. Hermione clears her throat as they reach the counter. She stands with arms crossed. The Head Goblin working at the counter is focused on his paperwork and doesn't look up at her.]
Hermione: I wish to enter my vault.
Head Goblin: Identification?
[Harry and Griphook watch from under the cloak.]
Hermione: I hardly think that would be necessary.
[The Head Goblin finally looks up and recognizes her.]
Head Goblin: Madam Lestrange.
[Hermione narrows her eyes; he turns and walks away from the desk.]
Hermione: I don't like to be kept waiting.
Griphook: They know. They know she's an impostor. They'd be warned.
[Ron nervously looks at the guard standing near the entrance who is now slowly walking towards them, then turns back to the counter.]
Ron: Harry? What do we do, Harry?
[The Head Goblin returns with Bogrod.]
Bogrod: Madam Lestrange, would you mind presenting your wand?
Hermione: And why should I do that?
[Harry creeps around the corner.]
Bogrod: It's the bank's policy. I'm sure you understand given the current climate.
Hermione: No! I most certainly do not understand!
Bogrod: I'm afraid, I must insist.
[The Head Goblin smirks. Hermione and Ron look at them tensely as the guard steps closer to them.]
Harry: Imperio!
[A colorful stream of smoke engulfs Bogrod, who inhales it, then sighs contentedly; Hermione looks at him as Harry quietly and stealthily lowers his wand.]
Bogrod: Very well, Madam Lestrange. If you would follow me.
[He turns away from the counter, much to the Head Goblin's surprise, as Ron and Hermione also express surprise. The cart goes down into the depths. We ride through the circular path through tunnels and mountains. The cart spins around in circles. Griphook hits a button before we approach a waterfall.]
Harry: What is that, Griphook?
[Griphook hits the button and we hear a squeak and a grind.]
Harry: Griphook!
[Griphook presses a button as they approach the waterfall. Everyone in the cart is sprayed with water. Ron and Hermione avert to regular looks. The siren comes up and screeches. Everyone on the cart falls off, screaming.]
Hermione: Arresto momentum.
[The spell holds them still, and they hit the ground.]
Harry: Well done, Hermione.
[Alarms continue to screech as they all stand. The cart drives off.]
Harry: Oh no, you two like you again.
Griphook: The Thief's Downfall. Washes away all enchantment. Can be deadly.
Ron: You don't say. Just out of interest, is there any other way outta here?
Griphook: No.
Bogrod: What the devil are all you doing down here? Thieves! When you gave up the keys, you...
Ron: Imperio.
[Bogrod sniffs and sighs as a spell is cast. A creature roars nearby.]
Ron: That doesn't sound good.
[They advance towards the dragon as it roars.]
Ron: Bloody hell! That's an Ukrainian Ironbelly.
[Griphook hands them the cups.]
Griphook: Here.
[The dragon turns and roars. Griphook signals with his cup as they walk forward.]
Griphook: It's been trained to expect pain when it hears this noise.
Hermione: That's barbaric!
[The dragon roars as they reach the vault. Griphook presses Bogrod's hand on the door and it opens. They all walk inside as the dragon breathes fire. The door closes and locks.]
Harry: Lumos.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione lit their wands.]
Ron: Blimey!
[They scan the room.]
Hermione: Accio Horcrux!
Ron: You're seriously not trying that one again, are you?
Griphook: That kind of magic won't work in here.
Ron: It's in here, Harry? Can you feel anything?
[Harry looks around as something hissing. We see the cup. Hermione gasps as things drop to the ground and multiply.]
Harry: That's it! Up there!
[Things fall and multiply on the ground.]
Griphook: They have added the Gemino curse. Everything you touch will multiply.
Harry: Give me the sword.
[Hermione pulls out and throws Harry the sword. Harry starts climbing the multiplied stuff to the cup. They see the cup.]
Hermione: Stop moving!
[Harry climbs through the rubble and reaches for the cup with the sword. He takes it and reappears from the rubble.]
Harry: Got it!
[He throws the cup to Griphook.]
Harry: We had a deal, Griphook!
Griphook: The cup for the sword!
[Harry throws the sword to Griphook. Hermione screams as Griphook throws the cup.]
Griphook: I said I'd get you in, I didn't say anything about getting you out.
[He takes Bogrod's arm, puts it on the door, and they exit the cup area. They rattle downstairs. Bogrod rattles the cup. Harry reaches the end.]
Harry: Griphook!
Griphook: Thieves!
Harry: Griphook!
Griphook: Thieves!
[He rattles and walks away. Bogrod laughs.]
Ron: Foul little git. Least we've still got Bogrod.
[The dragon rises up and blows fire on Bogrod.]
Ron: That's unfortunate.
[The guards start casting spells. They take cover.]
Hermione: We can't just stand here. Who's got any idea?
Ron: You're the brilliant one.
Hermione: I've got something, but it's mad! Reducto!
[The ledge breaks apart. Hermione walks forward to jump on the dragon. It breathes fire as goblins and wizards take cover behind the pillars.]
Hermione: Well, come on, then!
[Harry and Ron jump on the dragon.]
Hermione: Relashio!
[She sets the chain free. The dragon stands and breathes fire again. It climbs up a rock ledge. We see goblins and guards riding on a cart. A guard casts a spell. Harry, Ron and Hermione duck. The dragon roars, breaking apart the ride. A person presses the button and they all fall off the cart, falling to their deaths. The cart hits a ledge. Back at the entry, goblins are doing their business. A faint rumble is heard. The dragon breaks through the roof, roaring. Goblins and wizards run for cover. The dragon breaks a ledge, stomping through the hall. Coins fall off the desk. A goblin stares at it.]
Goblin: He's moving! Aah!
[The dragon breathes fire, killing two goblins. It knocks a desk to the side, before rising to the air, knocking the chandelier down. It breaks the roof of the Gringotts Bank. It walks on it. They all pant as the dragon stares into the sky.]
Ron: Now what?
Hermione: Reducto.
[She casts the spell and we take flight again. The dragon roars.]
Harry: Hold on.
[The dragon flies away from the roof, crumbling more rooftops, flapping the wings.]
Ron: That was brilliant! Absolutely brilliant!
[They fly over the countryside. We pass through the clouds. The dragon lowers itself to the ground.]
Harry: We're dropping!
[We see the lake.]
Ron: I say we jump!
Hermione: When?
Harry: Now!
[Harry, Ron and Hermione jump off the dragon and into the lake. As they go deep into the lake, Harry has visions of Voldemort killing a Gringotts guard, Dumbledore touching the Horcrux ring, another guard killed. Harry rises up from the lake. Another vision of Dumbledore examining destroyed diary, the night Harry acquired the fake locket. Voldemort aims another two killing curses, Ron destroying the locket, Voldemort yells, Tom Riddle's death in the Chamber of Secrets. We see a view of Hogwarts, Rowena Ravenclaw, her emblem. Harry gasps. Voldemort kills another Gringotts employee, stealing the cup from the Lestrange's vault. Voldemort kills a goblin, and then fires another killing curse while looking around on the surface, Harry surfaces up. Voldemort is in shock. Harry swims for surface. Harry, Ron, and Hermione pant and step out of the water and onto shore and onto the grassy hill.]
Harry: He knows. You-Know-Who. He knows we broke into Gringotts. He knows what we took, and he knows we're hunting Horcruxes.
Hermione: How is it you know?
Harry: I saw him.
Hermione: You let him in? Harry, you can't do that!
Harry: Hermione, I can't always help it! Well, maybe I can. I don't know!
Ron: Never mind! What happened?
Harry: Well, he's angry. And scared too.
[Hermione sets her bag down and gets to her knees as Harry holds out his hands, motioning for her to give him the Essence of Dittany.]
Harry: He knows if we find and destroy all the Horcruxes, we'll be able to kill him. I reckon he'll stop at nothing to make sure we don't find the rest.
[Harry rubs his hands with the Dittany.]
Harry: There's more. One of them is at Hogwarts.
Hermione: What? You saw it?
Harry: I saw the castle and Rowena Ravenclaw. It must have something to do with her. We have to go there, now!
[Harry takes off his shirt and puts another one on.]
Hermione: Well, we can't do that! We've got to plan, we've got to figure it out!
[Ron takes off his shirt and puts on another one as well.]
Harry: Hermione, when have any of our plans ever actually worked? We plan, we get there, all hell breaks loose.
[Ron takes off his shirt while Harry starts putting on a new shirt.]
Ron: He's right! One problem: Snape's Headmaster now. We can't just walk through the front door!
[Harry clearly sees Ron and Hermione's points.]
Harry: Um, well, we'll go to Hogsmeade, to Honeydukes. Take the secret passage in the cellar.
[Ron starts putting on a new shirt too as Hermione undresses partially, then puts a towel around her upper body,]
Harry: It's, there's something wrong with him. It's like, you know, in the past, I've always been able to follow his thoughts. And now everything just feels disconnected.
Ron: Maybe it's the Horcruxes. Maybe he's getting weaker. Maybe he's dying!
[Harry wipes his nose on the sleeve.]
Harry: No! No, it's, it's more like he's wounded. If anything, he feels more dangerous.
[We are at Malfoy Manor. Voldemort walks among the numerous dead guards and goblins, accompanied by Nagini while speaking to her in Parseltongue which is subtitled]
Voldemort: The boy has discovered our secret, Nagini.
[The Malfoys, Lucius, Narcissa, and Draco, all look worried and scared.]
Voldemort (subtitled): It makes us vulnerable. We must deploy all our forces now to find him. And you, my friend, must stay close.
[Narcissa surveys the corpses with horror as Voldemort Disapparates. Among the dead is Griphook, still clutching the Sword of Gryffindor, and it disappears. It is nighttime at Hogsmeade, with snow everywhere. In the distance, Hogwarts lights up and visible. Harry, Ron, and Hermione Apparate into the streets of the village. At that very second, a caterwauling alarm goes off. Men shout nearby. The three gaze at a nearby shop to see a door open, then run to hide.]
Man 1: They're here!
Man 2: Search everywhere!
Man: 1: Look down by the stables! You two, come with me!
Man 3: Any sign?
[The Death Eaters search under the tables, pulling up the tablecloths as Harry, Ron, and Hermione hide behind a nearby table, then hear the alarm again.]
Man 4: Potter!
[Ron stares at Harry and Hermione. They all stare at the sound and run off. Harry and Hermione approach the gate. They all turn at the voice.]
Aberforth: In here, Potter.
[There is a bark as they go inside and run down the steps. Hermione stares at Ron.]
Ron: Did you get a look at him? For a second I thought that was...
Hermione: I know. Dumbledore!
[Men chatter nearby. Ron and Hermione walk forward to the painting and see Arianna. We see a photo.]
Hermione: Harry? I can see you in this.
[Harry looks back and at the mirror. Harry sees the photo as the door opens and Aberforth enters.]
Aberforth: You bloody fools. What were you thinking coming here? Have you any idea how dangerous it is?
Harry: You're Aberforth, Dumbledore's brother. It's you who I've been seeing in here. You're the one who sent Dobby.
[Aberforth goes to the window.]
Aberforth: Where have you left him?
Harry: He's dead.
Aberforth: Sorry to hear it. I liked that elf.
[Harry points back.]
Harry: Who gave that to you? The mirror?
Aberforth: Mundungus Fletcher, about a year ago.
Harry: Dung had no right selling that to you. It belongs to...
Aberforth: Sirius. Albus told me. He also told me you'd likely be hacked off, if you ever found I had it, but ask yourself, where would you be if I didn't?
[He places a tray of cookies on the table. Ron and Hermione take cups of drinks and cookies and eat.]
Hermione: Do you have any others much? From the Order?
Aberforth: The Order has finished. You-Know-Who's won. Anyone who says otherwise is killing themselves.
Harry: We need to get into Hogwarts, tonight. Dumbledore gave us a job to do.
Aberforth: Did he now? Nice job? Easy?
Harry: We've been hunting Horcruxes. We think the last one's inside the castle, but we'll need your help getting in.
Aberforth: That's not a job my brother's given you, it's a suicide mission. Do yourself a favor, boy, go home! Live a little longer.
Harry: Dumbledore trusted me to see this through.
[Aberforth gestures and talks.]
Aberforth: What makes you think you can trust him? What makes you think you can believe anything my brother told you? In all the time you knew him, did he ever mention my name? Did he ever mention hers?
Harry: Why should he...?
Aberforth: Keep secrets? You tell me.
Harry: I trusted him.
[Aberforth walks forward.]
Aberforth: That's a boy's answer. A boy goes chasing Horcruxes on the word of a man who wouldn't even tell him where to start. You're lying! Not just on me, that doesn't matter. To yourself as well. That's what a fool does. You don't strike me as a fool, Harry Potter! So, I'll ask you again. There must be a reason.
Harry: I'm not interested in what happened between you and your brother. I don't care that you've given up. I trusted the man I knew. And we need to get into the castle tonight.
[Aberforth turns from Harry to the portrait.]
Aberforth: You know what to do.
[Arianna turns and goes.]
Harry: Where have you sent her?
Aberforth: You'll see soon enough.
[Aberforth begins to leave. as Ron and Hermione joins Harry. Aberforth opens the pub door as Hermione asks him a question.]
Hermione: That's your sister, Ariana, isn't it? She died very young, didn't she?
[Aberforth turns to the group.]
Aberforth: My brother sacrificed many things, Mr. Potter, on his journey to find power, including Ariana. And she was devoted to him. He gave her everything, but time.
Hermione: Thank you, Mr. Dumbledore.
[Aberforth nods, leaves and closes the door. They all stare at each other.]
Hermione: He did save our lives twice. Kept an eye on us in that mirror. That doesn't seem like someone who's given up!
[Harry looks at Hermione and back at the portrait.]
Hermione: She's coming back.
Ron: What's that with her?
[As Arianna approaches the painting, the portrait opens to reveal Neville. Neville sits down.]
Harry: Neville! Oh, you look...
Neville: Like hell, I reckon. This is nothing. Seamus is worse. Hey, Ab, we've got a couple more coming through.
[They start walking towards Hogwarts.]
Ron: Don't remember this on the Marauder's Map.
Neville: That's because it never existed till now. The seven secret passages were sealed off before the start of the year. This is the only way in or out now. The grounds are crawling with Death Eaters and Dementors.
Hermione: How bad is it as Snape as Headmaster?
Neville: Hardly ever seen him. It's the Carrows you need to watch out for.
Harry: Carrows?
Neville: Yeah. Brother and sister. In charge of discipline. They like punishment, the Carrows.
Hermione: They did that to you? Why?
[The camera pans up to reveal Hogwarts.]
Neville: Today's Dark Arts lessons had us practicing the Cruciatus curse. On first years. I refused. Hogwarts has changed.
[They approach the entrance to the door of the Room of Requirement. Suddenly, the light turns on.]
Neville: Let's have a bit of fun, shall we?
[He steps forward and opens the door.]
Neville: Hey, listen up, you lot! Brought you a surprise.
Seamus: Not more about Aberforth's cooking, I hope. Be a surprise if we can digest it.
[Neville steps aside to reveal Harry, Ron and Hermione.]
Harry: Blimey!
Student: Harry!
Crowd: Yeah!
[People rise and clap as they run forward. They go up to see them. Seamus and Dean hug Harry. His friends hug him as well. Neville talks to a student.]
Neville: Get the word out to Remus and the others that Harry is back.
[The student leaves.]
Neville: Okay, okay! Let's not kill him before You-Know-Who does.
Nigel: River, D.A. calling. Do you read? We have a new weather report. Lightning has struck. I repeat: Lightning has struck.
Neville: All right, then. What's the plan, Harry?
[Nigel's report repeats with a echo. Harry stares into the crowd.]
Harry: Okay. There's something we need to find. Something hidden here in the castle. And it may help us to defeat You-Know-Who.
Neville: Right. What is it?
Harry: We don't know.
Neville: Where is it?
Harry: We don't know that either. I realize that's not much to go on.
Seamus: That's nothing to go on.
Harry: I think it has something to do with Ravenclaw. Um, it'll be small, easily concealed. Anyone, any ideas?
[An owl screeches in the distance.]
Luna: Well, there's Rowena Ravenclaw's lost diadem.
Ron: Oh, bloody hell! Here we go!
Luna: Lost diadem of Ravenclaw? Hasn't anyone heard of it? It's quite famous.
Cho: Yes, but, Luna, it's lost, for centuries now.  There isn't a person alive today who's seen it.
Ron: Excuse me, can someone tell me what bloody diadem is?
Cho: It's a sort of crown. You know, like a tiara.
[There is a rumble. Ginny appears from the crowd. Everyone stares at Ginny.]
Ginny: Harry!
Ron: Hi, there.
[Ron looks at Hermione.]
Ron: Six months she hasn't seen me and it's like I'm a Frankie First-Year. I'm her brother!
Seamus: Gets lots of those. There's only one Harry.
Ron: Shut up, Seamus!
Neville: What is it, Ginny?
Ginny: Snape knows. He knows that Harry was spotted in Hogsmeade.
[The crowd stares back at the trio. The Hogwarts students march into the Great Hall. Students march down from the Great Staircase, while they are being watched from above by the Carrows. The students are now standing in four blocks in the Great Hall, as Snape walks between them to the front of the Hall, accompanied by the Carrows. Snape turns around.]
Snape: Many of you are surely wondering why I have summoned you at this hour. It's come to my attention that earlier this evening Harry Potter was sighted in Hogsmeade.
[Some students gasp and murmur.]
Snape: Now, should anyone, student or staff attempt to aid Mr. Potter, they will be punished in a manner consistent with the severity of their transcription.
[Some of the other staff members, including Professor McGonagall and Horace Slughorn, look nervous.]
Snape: Furthermore, any person found to have knowledge of these events, who fails to come forward will be treated as equally guilty.
[He starts walking forward and stops in the middle of the Great Hall.]
Snape: Now then, if anyone in here has any knowledge of Mr. Potter's movements this evening, I invite them to step forward, now!
[After a few seconds of silence, footsteps are heard as Harry, who hid among the Gryffindor house students and wearing a Gryffindor robe, steps out into the open. All the students murmur and turn towards him in surprise. Even Snape looks surprised.]
Harry: It seems, despite your exhaustive defensive strategies, you still have a bit of security problem, Headmaster.
[The Great Hall doors open. Students step back and stare as the remaining members of the Order of the Phoenix: Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, Bill, Fleur, Remus Lupin, Nymphadora Tonks, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Neville, Dean, and Arthur and Molly Weasley enter.]
Harry: And I'm afraid it's quite extensive. How dare you stand where he stood? Tell them how it happened that night. Tell them how you looked him in the eye, a man who trusted you, and killed him. Tell them!
[Snape hesitates a moment, then draws his wand and points it at Harry. Harry does the same, but is pushed aside by McGonagall, her wand pointed at Snape. Students move to the corners. The members of the Order have their wands at the ready as well. They burst into battle, McGonagall shooting flames at Snape, who does nothing but deflecting her attacks, while slowly moving backwards. He knocks over the Carrows with his defensive spell. Wizards grunt. Snape morphs into a black cloud, flying out of the high window. The window breaks. McGonagall shouts after him.]
McGonagall: Coward!
[She turns her back to the broken window and waves her wand twice to light the fires on the walls; the Great Hall is lit again as the students cheer while Harry removes his Gryffindor robe. Voldemort echoes through Harry's mind.]
Voldemort: Harry.
[Harry slides down against the wall.]
McGonagall: Potter?
[There is a hiss as McGonagall checks on Harry. The night sky ceiling of the Great Hall darkens into a cloud of mist. There is a rumble and girls scream, causing Parvati Patil to scream as well. Harry walks towards the crowd.]
Voldemort: I know that many of you will want to fight. Some of you may even think that to fight is wise. But this is folly. Give me Harry Potter. Do this and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave Hogwarts untouched. Give me Harry Potter, and you will be rewarded. You have one hour.
[The ceiling brightens again. Some students back away. Pansy points at Harry.]
Pansy: What are you waiting for? Someone grab him.
[Ginny, Hermione, Ron, and some of the other students step in to defend Harry. Suddenly, Filch comes running into the Great Hall.]
Filch: Students out of bed! Students out of bed! Students in the corridor!
McGonagall: They're supposed to be out of bed, you blithering idiot!
Filch: Oh. Sorry ma'am.
[McGonagall walks forward to Filch. Students gather around her.]
McGonagall: As it happens, Mr. Filch, your arrival is most opportune. If you would, I would like you please, to lead Miss Parkinson and the rest of Slytherin house from the hall.
[She flicks her wand at the Great Hall entrance,]
Filch: Exactly where is it I'll be leading 'em to, ma'am?
McGonagall: The dungeons would do.
[The other students cheer. Harry walks forward to McGonagall as she approaches him. The Slytherin House students follow Filch.]
Filch: Right. Come on. Come on.
McGonagall: I presume you have a reason for returning, Potter. What is it you need?
Harry: Time, Professor. As much as you can get me.
McGonagall: Do what you have to do. I'll secure the castle.
[Harry starts to leave the Hall, but turns around.]
McGonagall: Potter, it's good to see you.
Harry: It's good to see you too, Professor. Hold the fort, Neville.
[At the Grand Staircase, people in the portraits are moving about. Students are milling about.]
Girl: Hurry up! Come on!
[Students are walking up or down the steps as Harry starts heading upstairs among the crowd. Ron and Hermione catch up.]
Ron: Harry! Hermione and I were thinking. It doesn't matter if we find the Horcrux.
Harry: What do you mean?
Hermione: Unless we can destroy it.
Ron: So, we were thinking...
Hermione: Well, Ron was thinking, it was Ron's idea. It was completely brilliant.
Ron: You destroyed Tom Riddle's diary with a Basilisk fang, right? Well, me and Hermione think we know where we might find one.
Harry: Okay.
[Harry searches his back for the Marauder's Map.]
Harry: Okay, but take this.
[He hands it to Ron and Hermione.]
Harry: That way you can find me when you get back.
[Harry starts leaving.]
Hermione: Where're you going?
Harry: Ravenclaw common room. Gotta start somewhere.
[Harry runs off. Hermione and Ron go away. Luna sees Harry running away and sprints after him.]
Luna: Harry! Harry!
[Neville, Professors and students walk out of the Great Hall.]
Neville: Let me get this straight, Professor. You're actually giving us permission to do this?
McGonagall: That is correct, Longbottom.
Neville: To blow it up? Boom?
McGonagall: Boom!
Neville: Wicked! But how on earth are we gonna do that?
McGonagall: Why don't you confer with Mr. Finnigan? As I recall, he has a particular proclivity for pyro-technics.
Seamus: I can bring it down.
McGonagall: That's the spirit! Now away you go.
[Neville, Ginny and Seamus leave.]
Flitwick: You do realize, of course, we can't keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely.
McGonagall: That doesn't mean we can't delay him. And his name is Voldemort. Filius, you might as well use it. He's going to try to kill you either way!
[Flitwick leaves. McGonagall and Molly Weasley turn around as McGonagall raises her wand to summon statues.]
McGonagall: Piertotum Locomotor.
[Suddenly, a statue lands on the ground and looks up. There are thuds. Two more statues copy the same move. More soldiers march down. McGonagall and Molly Weasley turn around and face the front of the school. They watch the statues move away into the distance.]
McGonagall: Hogwarts is threatened. Man the boundaries! Protect us. Do your duty to our school. I always wanted to use that spell!
[She laughs. Professors casts a spell into the sky to cast the shield.]
Flitwick: Protego Maxima. Fianto Duri. Repello Inimigotum.
Slughorn: Protego Maxima. Fianto Duri. Repello...
Molly: Protego Maxima. Fianto Duri. Repello Inimigotum. Protego Maxima.
[Soon, the shield surrounds the whole school. The shields collide together. Dementors swarm away. Thunder sounds. Students walk down the stairs as Harry and Luna walk upstairs.]
Luna: Harry, wait. I need to talk to you!
Harry: I'm a bit preoccupied at the moment, Luna.
Luna: You won't find anything where you're going. You're wasting your time!
Harry: Look, we'll talk later, okay, Luna?
Luna: Harry?
Harry: Later.
[Harry stops walking and turns to Luna.]
Luna: Harry Potter, you listen to me right now! Don't you remember what Cho said about Rowena Ravenclaw's diadem? There's not a person alive who's seen it. It's obvious, isn't it? We have to talk to someone who's dead.
[There is a rumble. Harry stares at the sound. Harry and Luna watch the shield cover Hogwarts.]
Luna: It's very impressive, isn't it?
[Flitwick watches the shield cover Hogwarts. It now surrounds the statues. Another thunder.]
Luna: If you're to find her, you'll find her down there.
Harry: Aren't you coming?
Luna: No. I think it's best if you two talk alone. She's very shy.
[Harry walks forward to talk to the Grey Lady. We see the protection of the shield. The Grey Lady turns around to face Harry.]
Harry: You're the Grey Lady, the ghost of Ravenclaw tower.
[The Grey Lady dashes away.]
Grey Lady: I do not answer to that name!
Harry: No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! It's Helena, isn't it? Helena Ravenclaw, Rowena's daughter.
Grey Lady: Are you a friend of Luna's?
Harry: Yes. And she thought you might be able to help me.
Grey Lady: You seek my mother's diadem.
Harry: Yes. That's right.
Grey Lady: Luna is kind, unlike so many of the others. But she was wrong, I cannot help you!
[The Grey Lady dashes past Harry as he turns around.]
Harry: Wait. Please! I want to destroy it!
[The Grey Lady reaches in front of the Courtyard, staring at the shield. The camera pans around Hogwarts and the circle of Death Eaters. We eventually reach Voldemort and the Death Eaters. Bellatrix is among the crowd. We see the view of Hogwarts. Voldemort laughs.]
Voldemort: They never learn. Such a pity.
[Voldemort and Bellatrix turn.]
Death Eater: But, my Lord, shouldn't we wait for, my Lord?
[Voldemort and Bellatrix face the school again.]
Voldemort: Begin!
[The Death Eaters start casting into the school. The spell explodes into a mist of chaos. There is a rumble. Harry runs off.]
Harry: That's what you want too, isn't it, Helena?
[He runs off again to another corner.]
Harry: You want it destroyed.
Grey Lady: Another swore to destroy it many years ago, a strange boy with a strange name.
Harry: Tom Riddle.
Grey Lady: But he lied.
Harry: He's lied to many people.
[The Grey Lady zooms forward.]
Grey Lady: I know what he's done! I know who he is! He defiled it with dark magic!
[Harry stares as the Grey Lady zooms back. He walks to see the Grey Lady.]
Harry: I can destroy it once and for all. But only if you tell me where he hid it. You do know where he hid it, don't you, Helena? You just have to tell me. Please!
[The Grey Lady turns to Harry, zooms in and circles around him. She zooms backwards.]
Grey Lady: Strange. You remind me of him a bit. It's here, in the castle, in the place where everything is hidden. If you have to ask, you will never know. If you know, you need only ask.
Harry: Thank you!
[Harry turns and leaves the Grey Lady. The Grey Lady disappears through the mist. Students clamor as Harry heads down the stairs in a hurry. Kingsley, Dean and Lupin are at the top tower walking to the outside part.]
Kingsley: Tell Professor McGonagall Remus and I will handle this side of the castle.
Dean: Yes, sir!
[Lupin and Kingsley climb down the steps to see the shield.]
Kingsley: Hey Dean, with second thoughts, tell Professor McGonagall we might need one or two more wands this side.
[Fred and George walk past Lupin and Kingsley.]
Lupin: It is the quality of one's convictions that determines one's success, not the number of followers.
Kingsley: Who said that?
Lupin: Me.
[Kingsley and Lupin look at each other. Fred and George stare at the shield.]
George: You okay, Freddie?
Fred: Yeah.
[The twins stare at each other as George elbows Fred.]
George: Me too.
[At the Chamber of Secrets, Ron and Hermione stand at the entrance. Ron speaks in Parseltongue. The snakes on the door move aside as the snake slithers. Ron steps back to talk to Hermione.]
Ron: Harry talks this in sleep. Have you noticed?
Hermione: No, of course not!
[The door to the Chamber of Secrets open. The Quidditch pitch gets destroyed by fire. One of the lighthouses goes down to the ground and crumples. We zoom in back at Hogwarts. More spells hit Hogwarts. We now transition to the bridge. Neville stares outside as Scabiors yell and scream in the distance. Neville looks as Scabior run and try to enter the bridge. Most of them explode. The Scabior stop running. Thunder sounds.]
Neville: Yeah? You and whose army?
[Scabior looks frightened at this. At the Chamber of Secrets, Ron kneels down and gets a tooth from the Basilisk. Hermione takes out the cup they stole from Bellatrix's vault as Ron comes with the tooth.]
Ron: You do it.
Hermione: I can't.
Ron: Yes, you can!
[Hermione takes the tooth from Ron. Ron kneels down and puts the cup on the floor. Hermione kneels down on the floor.  There is a hissing sound. We see a image of the cup. Harry runs through the crowd of people, pushing his way through. Ron and Hermione look at each other. Hermione stabs the cup. Voldemort yells in pain. The cup tilts backwards, and the current rises. Harry gasps. Ron and Hermione run back as the current comes near them. They get wet. Voldemort pants in horror. We see an image of Harry. Ron and Hermione stare at the skulls. The river recedes. Ron and Hermione hug and kiss. They embrace and laugh. Voldemort wails as he casts another shield on Hogwarts. Another rumble as McGonagall stares at the shield. Ginny stares at the shield. Lupin and Tonks stare at each other and take hands. We see the soldiers in armor, Voldemort casting a shield spell. Voldemort grunts as we zoom upwards. Voldemort stares at the wand and walks forward. Harry leaves the pillar and runs through the crowd of students. The shield is gone. Pieces of it fall to the ground. Scabior takes the piece with his wand and lowers it. He steps forward towards the bridge, stepping on something. The Scabior yells. Neville turns and run as Scabiors enter the bridge. They cast spells on the bridge. Neville sets off a charge. The charge drops down and the bridge explodes. Scabiors look back as the bridge explode and fall to their deaths. Some students see the bridge explode. Neville runs the destruction.]
Ginny: Neville!
[The Scabior scream as they are killed. Ginny steps forward. Neville survives the fall and reaches the ledge, putting his wand on the floor. He puts his hand and arm around the ledge.]
Neville: That went well.
[He grunts. We see a camera view of Death Eaters heading toward Hogwarts and we go towards the school. Giants head towards the school, carrying clubs. Flitwick walks backwards with statues holding shields. A giant gets tangled in weed and roars. Spells are cast as Death Eaters approach Hogwarts. Spells are hit. The giant knocks the statues out. A statue knocks the giant down. Flitwick starts running as his statues are getting defeated. The statues march forward. A giant throws a club. Death Eaters approach the school and attack. Some wizards get killed. Explosions. McGonagall calls.]
McGonagall: Get inside! This way, everyone. Take cover.
[An Death Eater approaches the upper wing and blasts through. He casts a spell on the left and on the right. The spell is deflected. Kingsley turns to the window and casts a spell. The man tried to break through and falls back screaming. Harry and the students head downstairs. Some students scream as a Death Eater approaches. Some students duck.]
Harry: Stupefy.
[The person falls down. Another scream.]
Boy: Get your coat on!
[Ginny and Neville approach Harry.]
Harry: Ginny, Neville! Are you all right?
Neville: Never better. I feel like I can spit fire! You haven't seen Luna, have you?
Harry: Luna?
Neville: I'm mad for her. I think it's about time I told her since we'll probably both be dead by dawn.
[Neville runs off as students cast at the Death Eaters. Harry and Ginny kiss. Students run down the steps.]
Ginny: I know.
[Harry and Ginny run off in opposite directions. The Slytherin students run out of the common room. Draco Apparates. He grunts as he takes Goyle and Blaise and they run off into the seventh floor corridor. More shaking. Harry runs as debris falls down from the ceiling. Harry stands outside the Room of Requirement. He closes his eyes. Ron examines the Marauders Map as Hermione sees outside that the Battle has begun.]
Ron: Bloody hell! We'll never find him on this.
[Hermione points on the map.]
Hermione: There he is, just there.
Ron: Brilliant!
Hermione: He just vanished. Just now. I saw it.
[There is a rumble. Dust falls from the ceiling. Ron and Hermione stare at each other.]
Ron: Maybe he's gone to the Room of Requirement. It doesn't show up on the map, does it? You said that last year.
Hermione: That's right, I, I did.
Ron: Let's go.
[Ron closes the Marauders Map.]
Hermione: Brilliant!
[Ron and Hermione head to the Room of Requirement. As Death Eaters attack Hogwarts, Draco watches the Room of Requirement vanishing. He takes Goyle and Blaise there.]
Draco: Come on!
[As they head to the Room of Requirements, there are more sounds outside. Dust fills the school. More rumble outside. Harry stares at the Room of Hidden Things. There is a singing voice as Harry heads towards the tiara. Birds flutter about. Harry heads past gargoyle statues. A pixie lands on top of the painting. It lowers itself. Voices whisper. Harry stares as there is a high-pitch ringing. Harry looks back and stares at the stuff. Harry takes the cloth and reveals a box. He takes it closer and opens the box. He takes it and raises it. As Harry gazes at the diadem, Malfoy, Blaise, and Goyle walk up to the empty portrait frames to his far right.]
Draco: Well, well.
[Harry puts the diadem down and turns toward him; he and his pals each have their wands pointed at him.]
Draco: What brings you here, Potter?
[Harry walks a few steps closer.]
Harry: I could ask you the same.
Draco: You have something that's mine. I'd like it back.
Harry: What's wrong with the wand you have?
[Harry knows Malfoy is referring to his purloined wand.]
Draco: It's my mother's. It's powerful, but it's not the same. Doesn't quite understand me. Know what I mean?
Harry: Why didn't you tell her? Bellatrix?
[Blaise looks at Malfoy in confusion, not understanding what Harry is talking about.]
Harry: You knew it was me. You didn't say anything.
[Goyle leans closer to Malfoy and whispers in his ear.]
Goyle: Come on, Draco! Don't be a prat. Do him.
[Harry reaches into his pocket.]
Draco: Easy!
[The three prepare to attack. Hermione and Ron just turned up.]
Hermione: Expelliarmus!
[Narcissa's wand flies out of his hand, landing behind him; he proceeds to pick it up.]
Goyle: Avada Kedavra!
[Harry ducks while Ron and Hermione dodge. Hermione uses a table for cover.]
Hermione: Stupefy!
[Her spell hits the table with the box containing the diadem, sending it flying into a mountain of furniture as Harry watches. Ron furiously charges after Malfoy and his goons.]
Ron: That's my girlfriend, you numpties!
[Hermione stares after Ron with a smile. Harry climbs the mountain of furniture, panting and coughing, throwing chairs aside, looking for the diadem; Hermione climbs up to help him. While searching, Harry pulls out a Cornish Pixie, it chatters. It struggles in his hand before he throws it aside; a whole bunch of them come flying out, screeching. Harry and Hermione then climb up on to an armchair and search through the massive couch. Harry found the diadem among the furniture around the couch.]
Harry: Got it!
[He holds up the diadem. He and Hermione then hear what sounds like an explosion coming from the direction Malfoy, his goons, and Ron went, They look in that direction, then climb down from the furniture mountain, still looking in that direction.]
Ron: Run!
[The bookshelf and objects beyond the empty portrait frames illuminate with an orange-yellowish light, not a good sign.]
Ron: Run!
[He comes sprinting around the bookshelf, screaming in panic as the roaring and whooshing sound of flames is heard; he grabs Hermione's hand and pulls her along behind him as he runs while Harry glances at them.]
Ron: Goyle's setting the bloody place on fire!
[Harry looks back just in time to see a huge fiery snake slithering around the empty frames and come toward him while opening its mouth. For a split second, Harry stands there with his mouth agape in horror, then turns and races after Ron and Hermione. As the three turn a corner, massive flames come at them from both sides. Harry casts spells, knocking down chairs, trying to slow down the flames, to no avail. The flames take the form of a massive bird, sending burning chairs and other objects flying. Meanwhile, Malfoy and Blaise back away in horror as Goyle's wand keeps producing more flames, beyond his control; as Malfoy and Blaise begin to climb a mountain of furniture, Goyle throws his wand away. Ron and Hermione are fleeing from a giant fiery lion, while Harry is fleeing from a giant fiery serpent. In their section, Malfoy, Blaise, and Goyle desperately climb the furniture mountain. Reuniting with each other, Harry, Ron, and Hermione are cornered by a giant flaming bird; running the other way, a huge fiery tiger comes toward them; trying to find another route, a massive snake of fire comes at them, though Harry stops it by conjuring a barrier of water. Falling to the floor, Ron glances at a bunch of broomsticks and throws one to Harry. Seconds later, Harry, Ron, and Hermione take to the air on the broomsticks, flying over the flames. Goyle continues following Malfoy and Blaise up the mountain of furniture; grabbing a chair, he pulls it loose and loses his balance, falling down, screaming and getting swallowed up by the flames. Malfoy and Blaise look down at where Goyle fell, devastated by his friend's death, then they continue climbing to the top, desperate to avoid the same demise.]
Ron: Come on! This way!
[As they go, Harry, still holding the diadem, flies past Malfoy and Blaise, both standing on a table at the top of the furniture mountain. Suddenly, the books under the table fall, causing it to tilt; Malfoy and Blaise quickly grab hold of the table. Harry glances back at Malfoy and Blaise and seeing they're in trouble.]
Harry: We can't leave them!
[Ron glances at Hermione, hardly believing that Harry is going out of his way to help their enemies.]
Ron: He's joking, right?
[He and Hermione turn around and follow Harry; Harry extends his hand to grab Malfoy's but misses; Malfoy nervously looks down at the flames below; Harry rejoins Ron and Hermione.]
Ron: If we die for them, Harry, I'm gonna kill you!
[Harry quickly flies back to the table, grabbing Malfoy and pulling him onto his broom while Ron takes Blaise, just as the flames engulf the table. Hermione takes the lead as she, Harry, Ron, Malfoy, and Blaise fly over the flames as burning chairs fall down everywhere, looking for the exit. Hermione eventually spots a wall of flames up ahead, and knows the door is just past it. She casts a spell at the flames, making an opening which the five of them rocket through. Landing safely in the corridor as a fireball emits from the door to the Room of Requirement, Malfoy gets to his feet and flees the scene. Harry glances at him, then turns his attention to the diadem, in the middle of the corridor. Hermione throws a Basilisk fang to Harry.]
Hermione: Harry!
[Harry reaches up and catches the fang in midair, and then, without hesitation, stabs the diadem with it, and he recoils as the ruptured diadem emits black smoke. Ron then kicks the diadem back into the Room of Requirement, into the flames; three fiery visages of Voldemort appear among the flames, which come roaring towards the door as Ron and Hermione back away. The doors close just as the flames are about to come through. From the hilltop overlooking the castle, Nagini recoils while Voldemort shudders due to the diadem's destruction Voldemort pants and coughs. In the castle, Harry sits next to a post, shaking for the same reason. Recovering from his "seizure", Voldemort feels his face, turns and walks away as Pius Thicknesse and a few other Death Eaters approach him.]
Pius Thicknesse: My Lord?
[Voldemort points the Elder Wand at Pius.]
Voldemort: Avada Kedavra!
[Pius gasps as the lethal blast hits him and falls backwards into the arms of the Death Eaters around him, who look at Voldemort in shock, as he continues walking along, then glances at Nagini, following closely behind him. There is a rumble.]
Voldemort: Come Nagini, I need to keep you safe.
[Voldemort and Nagini Disapparate. Harry pants as he struggles for words. Ron and Hermione come near him.]
Harry: It's the snake. She's the last one. It's the last Horcrux.
[Hermione stares at Ron and back at Harry. Ron kneels down.]
Ron: Look inside him, Harry. Find out where he is, if you find him, we can find the snake. Then we can end this!
[Harry pants. Hermione kneels down. Harry pants. We transition to the boathouse. The rope clings tighter. Harry struggles. We see a image of Nagini. Voldemort moves up his sleeve.]
Lucius: My Lord? Might it be less, um, might it not be more prudent to call off this attack and simply seek the boy yourself?
Voldemort: I do not need to seek the boy. Before the night is out, he will come to me. Do you understand? (flash) Look at me! How can you live with yourself, Lucius?
Lucius: I don't know.
Voldemort: Go and find Severus. Bring him to me.
[Harry pants even more before saying something.]
Harry: I know where he is.
[Outside Hogwarts, Death Eaters still attack. Explosions fire. Oliver flies into the school.]
Oliver: Come on!
[Death Eaters come on broomsticks. Students are running into the school. Harry, Ron and Hermione run down the stairs. A Death Eater casts a spell and Harry deflects it. Ron kills the Death Eater. They reach the precipice. A spell is hit. Harry and Hermione duck. Harry casts the spell and the Death Eater falls back. They run through the crowd of people, ducking spells cast. A troll grunts with the handle. Harry, Ron and Hermione run to take cover as the troll hits the circle. They run out of cover and spiders squeak. They run past the giant. People are screaming. They fight their way through.]
Boy: Crucio!
[Harry, Ron and Hermione run inside the Entrance Courtyard. They see a Death Eater mauling Lavender to death as spider block the passageway.]
Hermione: No!
[Greyback turns as Hermione casts a spell and Greyback falls backwards. Harry, Ron and Hermione continue running as the giant destroys a wall before approaching the entrance to Hogwarts. A swarm of Dementors try to enter the school. Aberforth stops the Dementors and they all swarm away. Harry, Ron and Hermione look back and run off to the Boathouse. The students turn at the squeak and run off. Harry, Ron, and Hermione race down the stairs to the boathouse at the bottom. Thunder rumbles. Inside, Voldemort is meeting with Snape.]
Snape: You have performed extraordinary magic with this wand, My Lord, in the last few hours alone.
[Voldemort walks towards Snape with Nagini at his side. Nagini hisses.]
Voldemort: No! No, I am extraordinary, but the wand resists me.
[Harry, Ron, and Hermione have just reached the boathouse and are steathily eavesdropping outside. Harry spies Nagini through the glass.]
Snape: There is no wand more powerful. Ollivander himself has said it. Tonight, when the boy comes, it will not fail you, I am sure. It answers to you, and you only.
[Voldemort isn't convinced.]
Voldemort: Does it?
[Snape smiles reassuringly.]
Snape: My Lord?
[Voldemort walks away from Snape as he turns around.]
Voldemort: The wand, does it truly answer to me? You're a clever man, Severus. Surely you must know. Where does its true loyalty lie?
Snape: With you, of course, My Lord.
Voldemort: The Elder Wand cannot serve me properly, because I am not its true master. The Elder Wand belongs to the wizard who killed its last owner.
[He steps closer to Snape.]
Voldemort: You killed Dumbledore, Severus. While you live, the Elder Wand cannot truly be mine. You've been a good and faithful servant, Severus, but only I can live forever.
[He glares murderously at Snape. Snape, realizing Voldemort's intention, asks nervously.]
Snape: My Lord...
[Voldemort waves the wand, slitting Snape's throat; he gasps as the blood stain appears on his white shirt collar, then falls backwards against the glass; Harry and his friends cringe as the glass cracks slightly. Snape weakly turns his head.]
Voldemort: Nagini, kill!
[Nagini viciously lunges at Snape, biting him six times; outside, Harry, Ron, and Hermione are horrified by what's happening. As Snape gasps, Voldemort walks away with Nagini slithering alongside him before the two Disapparate. Blood is on the walls. The three enter the boathouse. Harry approaches the mortally wounded Snape. A tear appears in their former teacher's eye. Harry turns Snape's head to the side.]
Snape: Take them. Take them. Please!
[Harry realizing the tears are actually memories, he turns to Hermione as she approaches him.]
Harry: Give me something! Quickly, a flask. Anything!
[Hermione grabs a vial out of her bag and hands it to Harry. Gently putting his hand on Snape, he opens the vial, puts it to Snape's face and collects the memories. Snape blinks his eyes. Harry closes the vial with his fingers.]
Snape: Take them to the Pensieve.
[Harry glances at the memories he just acquired from Snape.]
Snape: Look at me.
[Harry glances at him once more.]
Snape: You have your mother's eyes.
[A few seconds later, Snape sighs and turns away; he has died from his wounds. Ron and Hermione are both torn between anger and grief; Hermione turns to Ron, then back to her late former teacher again. Harry can't help but feel sympathy for Snape, the man he has harbored dislike for throughout his school years, then looks away. Harry turns to Ron and Hermione as a thud sounds. There was a whisper and thud. Harry puts his hand on the wall. Ron walks out of the boathouse as Hermione covers her ears.]
Voldemort: You've fought valiantly, but in vain.
[While Voldemort's voice echoes, we see an image of Fred getting killed by Dolohov, Molly Weasley examining bodies, Death Eaters standing on the steps, image of Hogwarts ruin, Harry, Ron and Hermione are outside the Boathouse, staring at the burned Hogwarts. Hermione cries at this.]
Voldemort: I do not wish this. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a terrible waste. I therefore command my forces to retreat. In their absence, dispose your dead with dignity, Harry Potter, I now speak directly to you. On this night, you have allowed your friends to die for you, rather than face me yourself. There is no greater dishonor. Join me in the Forbidden Forrest and confront your fate. If you do not do this, I shall kill every last man, woman and child who tries to conceal you from me.
[The camera zooms away from the Boathouse. Harry, Ron and Hermione start heading back to the castle as we zoom in.]
Hermione: Where's everybody?
[We see the ruins in the courtyard. Ron opens the Great Hall doors. They walk in as people carry people who are killed away from the Great Hall. Madam Pomfrey tend to the wounded. We see Slughorn healing Filch's cut. Slughorn turns to Harry.]
Slughorn: Harry.
[Harry walks forward to see Flitwick and the survivors sitting on the bench.]
Sprout: Oh, come on. What's the matter with you?
Trelawney: Oh, she's passed.
Cho: There, she's gone.
[Trelawney and Cho cover the dead body with a blanket. Harry walks forward. George hugs Arthur Weasley. George cries as he hugs Ron. They embrace. Ron kneels down and cries as Fred is dead. He puts his head down. Harry stares at the other dead bodies, Lupin and Tonks. McGonagall walks forward. After one last look, Harry leaves the Great Hall. Harry enters the Headmaster's Office and closes the door. He watches as the Pensieve door opens. He walks up to the Pensieve and moves it to the Headmaster's desk. He walks to it, takes out the vial, pours the vial into the Pensieve, and we dive into Snape's memories. We start at the hilltop, where Lily holds out a flower with Young Petunia shouting and coming close to Lily. Young James comes out of a tree.]
Petunia: Freak! Come here! I'm gonna tell mummy! You're a freak! You're a freak, Lily! Come here!
[Petunia runs away. James picks up a grass band and flies it over to Lily. She catches it and looks at it. James smiles at it. We see the landscape.]
Snape: She's jealous because she's ordinary and you're special.
Lily: That's mean, Severus.
[Lily and Snape lay on the grass. They stare at the birds coming out of the tree. Lily laughs as the birds fly away. The scene changes to Lily and James' first year at Hogwarts.]
Sorting Hat: Gryffindor!
[The students applaud as Lily walks to the Gryffindor table, greeting James.]
James: Hi, I'm James.
Lily: Hi, I'm Lily.
[Snape looks back at a table. The scene changes to Lily and James walking in the seventh floor corridor.]
Snape: Just like your father. Lazy. Arrogant.
Harry: Don't say a word against my father!
[The word echoes as we see a close up view of Lily. It shifts to James and Lily kissing. It shifts to a crystal ball of Trelawney and Voldemort.]
Trelawney: Blood shall be spilt and servant and masters shall be reunited once more!
Voldemort: Severus.
[We see Snape going to the sunlight to meet Albus Dumbledore on the outskirts of Hogwarts.]
Snape: No. Don't kill me!
Albus Dumbledore: The prophecy did not refer to a woman. It spoke about a boy born at the end of the July.
Snape: Yes, but he thinks it's her son! He intends to hunt them down now, to kill them. Hide him. Hide them all. I beg you!
[Albus: Dumbledore walks up close to Snape.]
Albus Dumbledore: What would you give me in exchange, Severus?
Snape: Anything.
[The scene shifts to Lily in Harry's old house with thunder outside.]
Lily: Harry, Harry, you were so loved. So loved! Harry, mama loves you. Dada loves you. Harry, be safe. Be strong.
Voldemort: Avada Kedavra!
[Voldemort kills Lily. Lily screams as she hits the floor, dead. We see Peter Pettigrew, Voldemort screaming. We go back to the Headmaster's Office.]
Snape: You said you would keep her safe.
Albus Dumbledore: Lily and James put their faith in the wrong person, Severus. Rather like you. The boy survives.
Snape: He doesn't need protection. The Dark Lord is gone.
Albus Dumbledore: The Dark Lord will return. And when he does, the boy will be in terrible danger. He has her eyes. If you truly loved her...
Snape: No one can know.
[We shift to Godric's Hollow.]
Albus Dumbledore: That I should never reveal the best of you, Severus?
[We transition to Harry's first year at Hogwarts.]
Snape: Your word?
Albus Dumbledore: When you risk your life every day to protect the boy?
Snape: He possesses no measurable talent, his arrogance rivals that of his father's and he seems to relish in his fame.
[We transition to Harry's fifth year.]
Harry: Don't tell a word against my father!
[We transition to Snape in Harry's old house.]
Snape: James Potter? Lazy. Arrogant.
Harry: My father was a great man!
[We see Albus Dumbledore touching the ring and Snape in Potions classroom.]
Snape: Your father was a swine!
[The ring touches the floor before we transition into the Headmaster's Office.]
Snape: Drink the rest. It will contain the curse to your hand, for the time being. It will spread, Albus.
Albus Dumbledore: How long?
Snape: Maybe a year.
[Snape walks away from the desk.]
Albus Dumbledore: Don't ignore me, Severus.
Draco: Harmonia Nectere Passus.
Albus Dumbledore: We both know Lord Voldemort has ordered the Malfoy boy to murder me.
[We transition to Draco revealing the cabinet and closing it with the apple inside. Snape pushes Draco to the wall. Harry pointing the wand. Snape shushing him.]
Albus Dumbledore: But should he fail, one should presume the Dark Lord will turn to you. You must be the one to kill me, Severus. It is the only way. Only then will the Dark Lord trust you completely.
[We see Snape killing Albus Dumbledore.]
Snape: Avada Kedavra.
[Harry sees Albus Dumbledore falling.]
Albus Dumbledore: There will come a time when Harry Potter must be told something.
[The screen goes to black and back to the Headmaster's Office.]
Albus Dumbledore: But you must wait until Voldemort is at his most vulnerable.
Snape: Must be told what?
[We're back at Harry's old home. The scene where Voldemort killing Lily is shown again before we're back at the office and at the house again where the baby looks ahead at the body. Snape walks forward before we're back at the office.]
Albus Dumbledore; On the night Lord Voldemort went to Godric's Hollow to kill Harry, and Lily Potter cast herself between them, the curse rebounded. When that happened, a part of Voldemort's soul latched itself onto the only living thing it could find: Harry himself. There's a reason Harry can speak with snakes. There's a reason he can look into Lord Voldemort's mind. A part of Voldemort lives inside him.
[We see more memories from past movies.]
Snape: So, when the time comes, the boy must die?
Albus Dumbledore: Yes. Yes. He must die.
[Snape walks through the hallway to see Lily dead. He sits down, crying. Harry stares at this.]
Snape: You've kept him alive so that he can die at the proper moment.
[Harry sees Draco walking upstairs.]
Snape: You've been raising him like a pig for slaughter.
Albus Dumbledore: Don't tell me now that you've grown to care for the boy?
Snape: Expecto Patronum!
[Snape casts a doe. It moves around the office before disappearing. Albus Dumbledore looks back. We see Snape crying and hugging Lily, while baby Harry cries in a crib.]
Albus Dumbledore; Lily! After all this time?
Snape: Always.
[We see Harry standing up to see the doe.]
Snape: So, when the time comes, the boy must die?
Albus Dumbledore: Yes. He must die. And Voldemort himself must do it. That is essential.
[The words echo as we transition out of the Pensieve. Harry looks up and around. He walks away from the desk and sits down on the step, looking ahead. Harry heads down the Grand Staircase towards the Forbidden Forest. He turns a corner and meets Ron and Hermione along the way. Ron and Hermione turn as Harry heads down the stairs.]
Hermione: Where've you been?
Ron: We thought you went to the forest.
Harry: I'm going there now.
Ron: Are you mad? No. You can't give yourself up to him.
[Harry stops walking.]
Hermione: What is it, Harry? What is it you know?
[Harry turns around to face Ron and Hermione.]
Harry: There is a reason I can hear them, the Horcruxes. I think I've known for a while. And I think you have, too.
[Hermione starts to cry.]
Hermione: I'll go with you.
Harry: No, kill the snake. Kill the snake and then it's just him!
[Harry and Hermione hug each other as Hermione sobs. They feel sympathy for each other. They embrace. Harry leaves and heads to the Forbidden Forest. He exits the school and enters the Forbidden Forest. Harry looks back and takes out the Golden Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts. He studies it as the words "I Open at the Close" appear.]
Harry: I'm ready to die.
[He puts the Snitch to his mouth and the case opens to reveal the Resurrection Stone. It floats out of the Snitch. Harry catches it in his hands.]
Harry: The Resurrection Stone.
[He closes the Stone around his hands. Harry closes his eyes, opens them to see the dead. Lily stretches out a hand as Harry comes close. They touch hands and lower them.]
Lily: You've been so brave, sweetheart.
Harry: Why are you here? All of you.
Lily: We never left.
[She smiles as Harry embraces another dead person.]
Harry: Does it, does it hurt? Dying?
Sirius: Quicker than falling asleep.
[Harry nods in agreement.]
James: You're nearly there, son.
Harry: I'm sorry. I never wanted any of you to die for me. And, Remus, your son?
Lupin: Others will tell him what his mother and father deed for. One day, he'll understand.
[Harry stares at the dead people as a image appears.]
Harry: You'll stay with me?
James: Until the end.
Harry: And he won't be able to see you?
Sirius: No. We're here, you see.
[Sirius leans his hand to Harry. He walks forward.]
Harry: Stay close to me.
Lily: Always.
[Harry opens his hand and drops the Resurrection Stone. We see a backward view of Voldemort staring into the forest, holding the Elder Wand.]
Death Eater: No sign of him, My Lord.
[Voldemort opens his eyes and sees a Death Eater. Bellatrix comes close to Voldemort. They walk forward.]
Voldemort: I thought he would come.
[Voldemort looks back at the Death Eaters and walks forward. It zooms in on Voldemort. He and Bellatrix turns back as Harry approaches. Bellatrix moves out of the way as Harry comes near. Voldemort looks in hesitation.]
Hagrid: Harry, no! What are you doing here?
Death Eater: Quiet!
[Harry faces Voldemort in the Forbidden Forest.]
Voldemort: Harry Potter. The Boy Who Lived come to die.
[He raises his wand. Nagini slithers forward. Voldemort raises his wand higher and points it at Harry. There is a hissing sound. Harry closes his eyes.]
Voldemort: Avada Kedavra!
[Voldemort kills Harry and we fade into Harry laying on the floor of Kings Cross. Harry opens his eyes and looks around. He stands and scans the horizon. He walks forward and hears a man breathing faintly. Harry bends low and sees a dead person before he sees Albus Dumbledore.
Albus Dumbledore: You can't help. Harry, you're a wonderful boy. You brave, brave man! Let us walk.
[Harry and Albus Dumbledore walk forward as Harry looks back.]
Harry: Professor, what is that?
[They stop walking and turn back.]
Albus Dumbledore: Something beyond either of our help. A part of Voldemort sent here to die.
Harry: And exactly where are we?
Albus Dumbledore: I was gonna ask you that. Where would you say where we are?
Harry: Well, it looks like King's Cross station. Only cleaner. And without all the trains.
Albus Dumbledore: King's Cross, is that right? This is as they say, your party. I expect you now realize that you and Voldemort have been connected by something other than fate. Since that night at Godric's Hollow all those years ago.
Harry: So it's true then, sir? A part of him lives within me, doesn't it?
Albus Dumbledore: Did. It's been just destroyed many moments ago by none other than Voldemort himself. You, were the Horcrux he never meant to make, Harry.
[Harry and Albus Dumbledore sit down on a bench.]
Harry: I have to go back, haven't I?
Albus Dumbledore: Oh. That's up to you.
Harry: I have a choice?
Albus Dumbledore: Oh, yeah! We're in King's Cross, you say. I think, if you so desired, you'd be able to board a train.
Harry: And where will it take me?
[Albus Dumbledore chuckles.]
Albus Dumbledore: On.
[He leaves as train whistles wails in distance. Harry stares back and joins Albus Dumbledore.]
Harry: Voldemort has the Elder Wand?
[Albus Dumbledore turns back.]
Albus Dumbledore: True.
Harry: And the snake is still alive?
Albus Dumbledore: Yes.
Harry: And I've nothing to kill it with.
Albus Dumbledore: Help will always be given at Hogwarts, Harry, to those who ask for it. I've always prized myself on my ability to turn a phrase. Words are, in my not so humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic, capable of inflicting injury and remedies. But I would, in this case, amend my original statement to this: Help, will always be given at Hogwarts to those who deserve it. Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living. And, above all, all those who live without love.
Harry: Professor, my mother's Patronus was a doe, wasn't it? That's the same as Professor Snape's. It's curious, don't you think?
Albus Dumbledore: Actually, if I think about it, it doesn't seem curious at all! I'll be going now, Harry.
[Albus Dumbledore leaves and turns around.]
Harry: Professor? Is this all real? Or is it just happening inside my head?
Albus Dumbledore: Of course it's happening inside your head, Harry. Why should that mean that it's not real?
[He turns and walks off into the distance.]
Harry: Professor? What should I do? Professor!
[We are back at the Forbidden Forest. Voldemort opens his eyes.]
Bellatrix: My Lord? My Lord, are you hurt? My Lord?
Voldemort: I don't need your help.
Bellatrix: No. Come.
[Voldemort stands. Bellatrix turns and cries at the dead body. Narcissa walks over to it.]
Bellatrix: The boy. Is he dead?
[Narcissa bends low and examines the body.]
Narcissa: Is he alive? Draco, is he alive?
[The camera pans down on Harry. His eyes are closed. Narcissa examines him, rises up and faces the group in the forest.]
Narcissa: Dead.
[The next day at Hogwarts, Neville walks over to pick up the Sorting Hat. He dusts it off with his hands. He looks inside and ahead. He walks forward as Death Eaters approach Hogwarts, Hagrid carries Harry to the castle. There is a rumble. Voldemort moves the giant off the bridge. There is a thud. Students come out of the castle to see Death Eaters. They stop walking.]
Ginny: Who is that? Hagrid's carrying? Neville, who is it?
Voldemort: Harry Potter is dead!
[Ginny starts running but is pulled back by Arthur Weasley.]
Ginny: No! NO!!!
Voldemort: SILENCE!!!
[Voldemort casts a spell in the sky. Ron, Hermione, and other students appeared shocked and sad.]
Voldemort: Stupid girl! Harry Potter is dead! From this day forth, you put your faith in me.
[More students exit the castle. Professor McGonagall is sad for seeing Harry's death, along with Ron's, Hermione's, Molly's, George's, and Percy's sad faces. Voldemort turns to the Death Eaters.]
Voldemort: Harry Potter is dead!
[Everyone laughs with Bellatrix's laugh taking precedence over others, except Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy, who knew that Harry is alive.]
Voldemort: Eh heh heh! And now it's the time to declare yourself.
[The camera zooms out. Bellatrix walks toward Voldemort.]
Voldemort: Come forward and join us. Or die!
[We see staff members at Hogwarts, all with sad faces.]
Lucius: Draco!
[Some students stare back.]
Lucius: Draco.
[Lucius extends a hand. We see a shot showing Draco's nervousness.]
Narcissa: Draco. Come.
[Draco walks to Voldemort as he hugs him. McGonagall notices it.]
Voldemort: Ah. Well done, Draco. Well done!
[We see students' sad faces, except Dean. Draco walks over to Lucius and Narcissa. Narcissa leads Draco away. Neville steps forward to Voldemort.]
Voldemort: Well, I must say I'd hope for better.
[Voldemort's followers laugh at this, especially Bellatrix.]
Voldemort: And who might you be, young man?
Neville: Neville Longbottom.
[Voldemort's followers laugh again.]
Voldemort: Well, Neville, I'm sure we can find a place for you in our ranks.
Neville: I'd like to say something.
[Voldemort, already mad at Neville, gestures with his hands.]
Voldemort: Well, Neville, I'm sure we'd all be fascinated to hear what you have to say.
Neville: It doesn't matter that Harry is gone.
Seamus: Stand down, Neville!
[Neville points at his stomach. He faces the students at Hogwarts and at the Death Eaters. Voldemort laughs as Neville speaks.]
Neville: People die everyday! Friends, family. Yeah. We lost Harry tonight. But he's still with us, in here. So's Fred, and Remus. Tonks. All of them. They didn't die in vain. But you will. Because you're wrong! Harry's heart did beat for us. For all of us! It's not over!
[Neville takes the sword out of the Sorting Hat. Nagini recoils. Harry grunts as he lands on the ground. Voldemort looks at him in extreme shock.]
Harry: Confringo!
[The spell deflects Nagini, instead hitting the Death Eaters and they're killed. Ron, George, Hermione, Molly, Percy, and Ginny are happy and surprised. Harry runs in the courtyard. Voldemort furiously casts more fire spells, failing to kill him. Some Death Eaters disappear. Lucius feels hesitant.]
Bellatrix: No! No, come back! Lucius! Come back! Come back and fight! Come back!
[Harry heads towards the castle. Kingsley deflects a spell cast.]
Harry: I'll lure him into the castle. We have to kill the snake.
Hermione: You'll need this!
Arthur Weasley: Neville!
Voldemort: No!
[Neville gets hit with a spell and falls backwards. Voldemort deflects it. He and Nagini disappear. Malfoy, Narcissa and Lucius leave Hogwarts, having enough serving with Voldemort. In the castle, Harry looks for Voldemort. There is a hiss as Harry scans the horizon. There is a whoosh as Harry takes cover before casting another spell. Voldemort appears at the Grand Staircase. Harry takes out a snake fang. Harry sees Voldemort come into view and comes into view. Voldemort casts spell as Harry deflects it. Voldemort Disapparates and Apparates at the top of the Grand Staircase. Their spells hold aloft. Harry stares back as Nagini slithers forward. Part of the Grand Staircase falls down on Voldemort. Nagini hisses. Harry heads down a staircase as Voldemort yells. He crawls down the steps as the fang is cast. Voldemort flies down. Nagini approaches Ron and Hermione. Hermione throws a rock. Neville blinks and opens his eyes. He rises up as a Death Eater flies backwards on fire. Neville looks back at the sword. Harry and Voldemort are on the battlements. Voldemort casts a spell at Harry and he falls down. Harry stands as he clings to robes and it attaches to his head. Nagini slithers forward. Ron steps forward. Ron's wand falls down. Bellatrix and Ginny duel in the Great Hall. Bellatrix laughs as she nearly killed Ginny with a Killing Curse, but Molly Weasley appears.]
Molly Weasley: NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!!!
[Bellatrix laughs as Molly casts spells at her. Bellatrix casts spells as Molly deflects it. Molly casts at Bellatrix five times. Bellatrix is frozen. Another spell and Bellatrix is gone. In the battlements, Voldemort slams Harry against the wall and viciously slaps and kicks him before grabbing him by the neck and throwing him down. Harry crawls backwards.]
Harry: You were right,..
[Voldemort slaps Harry again.]
Harry: ...when you told Professor Snape that wand was failing you. It was always fail you.
[Voldemort furiously aims a curse at Harry, forcing him dangerously close to the edge of the battlements.]
Voldemort: I killed Snape!
[Voldemort walks up to Harry.]
Harry: But what if the wand never belonged to Snape? What if its allegiance was always to someone else? Oh, come on, Tom. Let's finish it the way we started.
[He grabs Voldemort around the back of his neck, causing him to grit his teeth and glare at him.]
Harry: TOGETHER!!!
[Harry throws both himself and Voldemort off the battlements; after a brief free-fall, the two go flying around the castle, ultimately crash-landing in the entry courtyard. They both yell. Death Eaters come towards the school. The camera pans around them. Voldemort and Harry crawl for their respective wands, grabbing them at the same time, then get to their knees. Voldemort aims a killing curse at Harry, who responds with Expelliarmus. In the castle, Nagini is slithering after Ron and Hermione as they run down the stairs. Hermione turns back. While Harry and Voldemort are still locked in battle, Ron turns and aims a killing curse at Nagini, to no effect. Nagini lunges at Ron and Hermione as they crouch in the massive pile of rubble. Neville appears just in time. He yells and swings the sword at Nagini, decapitating her and causing her to disintegrate into black smoke. Ron and Hermione cringe. The destruction of his final Horcrux causes Voldemort to break off his attack. The black smoke forms numerous visages of Voldemort. Voldemort expresses grief over Nagini's death, and then realizes he has no more Horcruxes left and is now vulnerable. Harry turns toward Voldemort again. Voldemort aims a final killing curse at Harry, who responds with Expelliarmus again. This time, Harry pushes Voldemort's killing curse back at him; green light seeps through the cracks in the Elder Wand, causing Voldemort's arm to slowly turn black. The beam of green light recedes into the wand; Harry's disarming charm causes the Elder Wand to fly out of Voldemort's hand, through the air, straight towards Harry, who reaches up and catches it, then glances back at his nemesis. Voldemort, turning black and gray all over, slowly begins to crumble. Harry grins as he watches Voldemort crumbling. Voldemort screams as he crumbles more rapidly and looks into the sky as he disintegrates from head to toe. Voldemort's remains then blow away and vanish. In the Great Hall, students and staff alike are recuperating from the battle and also celebrating their victory. Neville sits on one of the benches holding the Sorting Hat and sword as Luna steps up behind him and sits down next to him and they exchange grins. Students mill about. Harry walks around smiling at the Weasleys as well as Cho and her friends. Aberforth, Dean and Seamus talk and walk.]
Aberforth; I always figured he was a big fellow.
Slughorn: I couldn't find my wand. I never lost my wand in my entire life. It was lost in the folds of my gowns. I managed to find it and I dispatched a few...
[Harry walks up to Hagrid, holding both Malfoy's wand and the Elder Wand.]
Hagrid: Harry!
[Hagrid chuckles and they embrace, then turns and walks back to the castle's front doors. Filch picks a piece of rubble from the big pile then casually throws it aside and begins sweeping the mess. Ron and Hermione then walk into the Great Hall, and they and Harry share smiles. Minutes later, the three of them are walking along the damaged Viaduct bridge. Harry steps up onto one of the sides of the bridge and examines the Elder Wand. He looks at the rubble.]
Hermione: Why didn't it work for him, the Elder Wand?
[Harry glances at Hermione and Ron.]
Harry: It answered to somebody else. When he killed Snape, he thought the wand would become his. But the thing is, the wand never belonged to Snape. It was Draco who disarmed Dumbledore that night in the Astronomy Tower. From that moment on, the wand answered to him. Until, the other night when I disarmed Draco at Malfoy Manor.
Ron: So, that means...
[Hermione glances at Ron. Harry holds the wand closely.]
Harry: It's mine!
Ron: What should we do with it?
Hermione: We?
Ron: I'm just saying, that's the Elder Wand, the most powerful wand in the world. With that, we'd be invincible.
[Harry knows that Ron is making a good point but also knows that the Elder Wand has caused more trouble than good. He grips the Elder Wand with both his hands. Ron and Hermione glance at each other, then back at Harry as he snaps the Elder Wand in two, then throws the pieces into the ravine, much to their shock. After a few seconds, Harry steps down onto the bridge and walks away as Ron and Hermione watch him. Harry glances down the bridge, then cranes his neck back at his friends. Hermione walks up to him with a smile, then takes his hand; Ron steps up as well and takes Hermione's hand. The three friends gaze into the distance, wondering what the future will have in store for them now that their ongoing saga with Voldemort is finally over. The words "19 years later" appear on the screen, which brightens to show King's Cross Station in the year 2017. Harry and Ginny are walking towards the gateway to Platform 9¾ with their children, James Sirius Potter, Lily Luna Potter, and Albus Severus Potter. People exit the train. Lily gets off James' trunk, and he runs right through the barrier.]
Harry: Together.
[Harry and James run through the barrier. Harry, James, Ginny and Lily appear on the other side of the barrier. Families say their farewell as they laugh.]
Father: Look after each other.
[They walk onto the train as a boy carries a cage. A bird flies past.]
Hermione: Bag?
Lily Luna: Yeah.
Hermione: Jumper?
[Hermione and Lily Luna hug.]
Hermione: I'm gonna miss you.
Ron: Here they come.
[They embrace as more people arrive. Harry walks over to James and bends low.]
James: Dad, what if I am put in Slytherin?
Harry: Albus Severus Potter. You're named after two Headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was the bravest man I've ever known.
James: But just say that I am.
Harry: Then Slytherin house will have gained a wonderful young wizard. But, listen, if it really means that much to you, you can choose Gryffindor. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account.
James: Really?
Harry: Really.
[The whistle blows.]
Girl: Bye, Mum.
Conductor: All aboard.
Harry: Ready?
James: Ready.
[They stand up and hug. James enters the train compartment as a whizzing whisbee flies past.]
Boy: Come on, Jay. Get a move on.
James: Come on.
[James sits down as a frog croak. The girl catches it. People chatter as the train rolls down. People watch the train roll off into the distance. Some wave bye. People leave the station.]