[It is nighttime in Surrey, we see an owl on the street sign "PRIVET DRIVE" and the camera pans to the street with very identical looking brown bricked houses. The owl flies away and an elderly man with crimson robes and a long silvery white beard named Albus Dumbledore walks out of a forest near the street, past a tabby cat standing next to what looks like a shed. He takes out his deluminator and activates it. Dumbledore zaps all the light out of the lampposts. He puts away the device and a cat meows. Dumbledore looks down at the cat.]
Professor Dumbledore: I should've known that you would be here, Professor McGonagall.
[The cat silently looks at him, and the camera turns towards a wall. The cat's shadow turns into a woman with a tall hat and emerald robes. There are footsteps and Minerva McGonagall is revealed.]
Professor McGonagall: Good evening, Professor Dumbledore.
[Dumbledore and McGonagall start walking.]
Professor McGonagall: Are the rumors true, Albus?
Professor Dumbledore: I'm afraid so, Professor. The good, and the bad.
Professor McGonagall: And the boy?
Professor Dumbledore: Hagrid is bringing him.
Professor McGonagall: Do you think it wise to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?
Professor Dumbledore: Ah, Professor, I would trust Hagrid with my life.
[There is a motor sound. Dumbledore and McGonagall look up to see a flying motorcycle coming down from the air. It skids on the street and halts. A large man with shoulder-length black hair and beard named Rubeus Hagrid takes off his goggles. Hagrid turns off the motorcycle.]
Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore, sir. Professor McGonagall.
[He climbs off the motorcycle and walks towards Dumbledore and McGonagall.]
Professor Dumbledore: No problems, I trust, Hagrid?
Hagrid: No, sir. Little tyke fell asleep just as we were flyin' over Bristol. Heh. Try not ter wake him. There yeh go.
[Hagrid hands a baby wrapped in a bundle over to Dumbledore. They walk over to the doorstep. Hagrid walks away.]
Professor McGonagall: Albus, do you really think it's safe, leaving him with these people? I've watched them all day. They're the worst sort of Muggles imaginable. They really are...
Professor Dumbledore: The only family he has.
Professor McGonagall: This boy will be famous.
[They stop outside a house which is 4 Privet Drive.]
Professor McGonagall: There won't be a child in our world who doesn't know his name.
Professor Dumbledore: Exactly. He's better off growing up away from all of that. Until he is ready.
[Dumbledore places the baby on the ground slowly. Hagrid sniffles, he is sobbing a little. He clears his throat.]
Professor Dumbledore: There, there, Hagrid. It's not really goodbye, after all.
[Hagrid nods. Dumbledore and McGonagall stare at the baby. Dumbledore takes a letter and places it on the baby, who is now at the foot of the door.]
Professor Dumbledore: Good luck, Harry Potter.
[The baby has a lightning-bolt-shaped scar on his forehead. The camera slowly zooms towards the scar, which glows brightly, and it immediately flashes, transitioning to a stormy cloud sky. The film's title in metallic gold zooms out around the camera, and lightning flashes to brighten it up. Then, the lightning flashes engulf the screen, transitioning it to the present time. The scar's glow immediately dies down, the camera pans to see Harry, who is now 10 years old, still sleeping. Then, the light turns on outside his bedroom cupboard under the stairs. Harry wakes up at the sound and looks around.]
Petunia: Up! Get up!
[She knocks on his closet door repeatedly. She unlocks it.]
Petunia: Now!
[She smacks door of closet and walks into the living room. Harry turns on his bedroom light and puts on his glasses with tape on the bridge, indicating that it was partly damaged. A large, tubby boy, Dudley Dursley, suddenly comes running down the stairs above the closet. He stops halfway down and goes back, jumping on the staircase.]
Dudley: Wake up, cousin! We're going to the zoo!
[Harry looks up to the joint works of the stairs with small amounts of dust rising. Dudley laughs, comes down the stairs, and runs for the kitchen. Harry tries to come out of the closet but is pushed back in by Dudley. Dudley closes the closet door before entering the kitchen. Petunia is in the kitchen, where Dudley has gone. Harry opens the closet door and enters the kitchen.]
Petunia: Here he comes, the birthday boy!
Vernon: Happy birthday, son.
[Petunia and Dudley giggle together. Harry comes into the kitchen, dressed in outgrown clothes. He closes the kitchen door.]
Petunia: Why don't you just cook the breakfast, and try not to burn anything.
Harry: Yes, Aunt Petunia.
[Harry then gets to work on cooking the bacon.]
Petunia: I want everything to be perfect for my Dudley's special day.
[Harry takes his time to place the bacon on the plates.]
Vernon: Hurry up! Bring my coffee, boy!
Harry: Yes, Uncle Vernon.
[Petunia leads Dudley over to the family room, where there are a vast amount of presents. She uncovers Dudley's eyes. Dudley stares.]
Petunia: Aren't they wonderful, darling?
[Dudley stares at the present and at Vernon.]
Dudley: How many are there?
Vernon: 36. Counted them myself.
Dudley: 36?! But last year, last year I had 37!!
Vernon: Err, yes, well, some of them are quite a bit bigger than last year.
Dudley: I don't care how big they are!
[Petunia calms him down.]
Petunia: Oh, now, now, now, now. This is what we're going to do, is that when we go out, we're going to buy you two new presents! How's that, pumpkin?
[The next morning, outside the house, the happy family is heading to the car. Vernon locks the door.]
Petunia: This will be a lovely day at the zoo. I'm really looking forward to it.
[Harry then goes to get in the car, but Vernon stops him. He closes the vehicle's doors and points his keys at him.]
Vernon: I'm warning you now, boy. Any funny business, any at all, and you won't have any meals for a week. Get in.
[At the London Zoo, we see people entering and exiting. The camera goes up to see the Dursley family in the reptile house, looking at a large Boa constrictor.]
Dudley: Make it move.
[Vernon looks up from the magazine and taps the glass of the cage.]
Vernon: Move!
[Dudley taps the glass much harder, and Vernon nervously winces.]
Dudley: Move!
Harry: He's asleep!
[There is a screech.]
Dudley: He's boring.
[Dudley and his parents head over to another enclosure. Harry is left with the snake.]
Harry: Sorry about him. He doesn't understand what it's like, lying there day after day, having people press their ugly faces in on you.
[The snake looks up and blinks.]
Harry: Can you hear me?
[The snake slithers its tongue and nods. It rises up.]
Harry: It's just I've never talked to a snake before. Do you, I mean, do you talk to people often?
[The snake shakes his head.]
Harry: You're from Burma, aren't you? Was it nice there? Do you miss your family?
[The snake turns his head in the direction of a sign which says, Bred in Captivity. Harry stares at it.]
Harry: I see. That's me as well. I never knew my parents, either.
[The now awake snake has attracted Dudley's attention. He comes over to the glass, knocking Harry to the floor.]
Dudley: Mummy, dad, come here! You won't believe what this snake is doing!
[Dudley puts his hands on the glass wall. With his back turned, Harry glares at him. Suddenly, the glass vanishes, causing Dudley to wretch forward, losing his balance.]
Dudley: Whoa! Ahh! Ahh!!
[Dudley falls into the snake enclosure, sputtering in a pool of water. Harry snickers at what he saw. The snake gets out of the exhibit, stopping in front of Harry.]
Snake: Thanksss.
Harry: Anytime.
[Harry watches the snake off to the exit.]
Man: Snake!
[There are a lot of people screaming throughout the reptile house as the snake heads for freedom. People are running. One jumps up on the ledge. Dudley gets up to get out, but the glass is now back over the enclosure. Seeing that he is now trapped, he pounds the glass in panic.]
Dudley: Mum, mummy!
[Petunia notices him in the exhibit.]
Petunia: Ahh!
Dudley: Mum, help! Help me!
[Petunia puts her hands on the glass, asking him questions.]
Petunia: My darling boy! How did you get in there?! Who did this? How did you get in there? Is there a snake? Is there a snake?
[Harry grins and snickers, Vernon notices this and glares down at him. Harry's grin disappears, knowing that he is in trouble with Vernon. Back at the Dursleys'. Petunia opens the front door. She and a bundled-up Dudley come in. Dudley looks distressed.]
Petunia: It's all right, sweetheart. It's all right. We'll get you out of these terrible cold clothes.
[They walk in the living room. Harry and Vernon enter. Vernon slams the door and shoves Harry against a wall, taking his hair.]
Harry: Ow!
Vernon: What happened?!
Harry: I swear, I don't know!
[Vernon snarls.]
Harry: One minute, the glass was there, and then it was gone! It was like magic!
[Vernon scoffs at this, shoves Harry in the cupboard under the stairs, and slams the door. He locks it. Harry and Vernon appear through the vent.]
Vernon: There's no such thing as magic!
[He closes the vent on the door. An owl flies into view, drops a letter, and lands on a TV antenna on one of the houses' roofs. It howls. Harry leaves the living room area into the hallway and picks up some letters. He looks through each of them, moving one back after seeing one. One contains his name and the address where he slept. He turns back and at the mail. Uncle Vernon and Dudley sit at the table while Aunt Petunia is busy fixing breakfast. Harry walks in with the mail and hands it to Uncle Vernon, then walks to his seat with his letter. Vernon reads a postcard.]
Vernon: Oh, Marge is ill! Ate a funny whelk.
[Dudley suddenly notices Harry's letter and runs to grab it from him before he opens it and gives it to his father.]
Dudley: Dad! Look! Harry's got a letter!
Harry: Hey, give it back! It's mine!
Vernon: Yours? Who'd be writing to you?
[The family gathers to look at the address. There is a broken seal on the letter. The family looks up. The camera pans on Harry as he gulps. Much later, another owl flies by with a letter and drops it off. It screeches and lands on the antenna. Inside, Vernon grabs a handful of letters and rips them up. In the cupboard, Harry hears a whirring noise as he moves the horse forward.]
Vernon: No more mail through this letterbox.
[Harry looks out at Vernon drilling wood over the letterbox opening. He quietly closes the cupboard door. The next day, birds land on the top of the car, some screech. Vernon and Petunia are outside the door. Vernon is about to head off to work.]
Petunia': Have a lovely day at the office, dear.
[Petunia kisses his cheek. She stops. She and Vernon look when they hear a hoot and sees a bunch of owls. Vernon stands in front of Petunia and gestures with his briefcase.]
Vernon: Shoo! Go away!
[She and Vernon notice something and pats Vernon on the shoulder to get his attention. They look on the ground and see more letters addressed to Harry. Much later, Vernon tosses letters into the fireplace. Harry comes around the corner. Vernon grins evilly at Harry and tosses more in. We see the letter getting burned in the fireplace. The scene fades to the next day, the family is sitting around, Harry serves cookies.]
Vernon: Fine day Sunday. In my opinion, best day of the week. Why is that, Dudley?
[Dudley shrugs and didn't answer. Harry hands a cookie to Vernon.]
Harry: Because there's no post on Sunday?
Vernon: Right you are, Harry. No post on Sunday. Ha!
[Harry stares outside as an owl comes by.]
Vernon: No blasted letters today. No, sir. Not one single bloody letter, not one.
[Harry walks to the window. He uncovers the curtain and sees a shadow outside the window. Outside, a parliament of owls are perched. Some land on the porch and on the street posts, streets, sidewalk and signs.]
Vernon: No, sir, not one blasted, miserable-
[As Vernon was talking, a letter shoots out of the fireplace and zips across Vernon's face, cutting him off. Harry looks back. The family looks confused at what is happening. There is a rumbling and then hundreds of letters come shooting out of the fireplace. Vernon covers his ears. The family shrieks in horror as Harry watches in amazement.]
Dudley: AHH! Make it stop! Please make it stop!
[Vernon covers his ears again. Harry is excited.]
Vernon: Stop it! Stop it!
[Letters fall down. He jumps on Petunia's lap as she and Vernon continue screaming. Harry jumps up, getting some letters.]
Dudley: Mummy. Mummy. What is it? Please tell me what's happening!
[Harry jumps onto the coffee table to grab a letter. Vernon screams. He gets one and starts to run away. Vernon jumps up as well.]
Vernon: Give me that! Give me that letter!
[He chases Harry to the walkway and grabs him before Harry gets into his closet.]
Harry: Get off! Ahh!
[Petunia screams. Petunia and Dudley leave the living room as more letters come into the house. They watch Vernon restrain Harry as several letters begin to shoot everywhere around the house.]
Vernon: Ahh!
Harry: They're my letters! Let go of me!
[The wood plank nailed in front of the letterbox finally breaks from the excess pressure of the letters shooting through the letterbox. Harry continues to struggle.]
Vernon: That's it! We're going away! Far away! Where they can't find us!
Dudley: Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?
[Petunia watches with a horrified look on her face, knowing that Dudley may be right. That stormy night, we see a tall house on a rock island somewhere out at sea. The sea billows. The Dursleys, including Harry, have moved there due to the chaos with the letters. The family is sleeping. The camera pans down to Harry on the cold, dirt floor, and Dudley sleeping on a sofa. Harry has drawn a birthday cake which reads, Happy Birthday Harry. Harry draws candles on the cake and looks at Dudley's watch, which beeps 12:00.]
Harry: Make a wish, Harry.
[Harry blows the "candles" on the drawn birthday cake. Suddenly, the door thumps in sync with the thunder flashing. Dudley wakes up and stands. Harry looks up. The door thumps again, and Dudley and Harry jump up and back away. The door thumps for the third time. Harry hides behind a wall, and Dudley cowers on a windowsill. Petunia and Vernon walk downstairs, with Vernon holding a double-barreled shotgun. Petunia turns on the light.]
Vernon: Who's there?!
[The door bangs again and then falls down, and a giant man appears. Everyone screams. As he comes into the clear lighting, the giant man is revealed to be Rubeus Hagrid. He hides the umbrella in his jacket.]
Hagrid: Sorry about tha'.
[Hagrid lifts and puts the door back up. Vernon aims his gun at him.]
Vernon: I demand that you leave at once, sir! You are breaking and entering!
[As Petunia quietly gasps in fear, Hagrid walks to them, grabs the gun, and bends it upwards.]
Hagrid: Dry up, Dursley, you great prune.
[The gun fires upwards, blasting a hole in the ceiling, causing Dudley to shriek in fear. Hagrid notices Dudley.]
Hagrid: Mind, I haven't seen you since yeh was a baby, Harry. But yer a bit more along than I would have expected. Particularly 'round the middle. Heh.
[Dudley pants.]
Dudley: I'm-I'm not Harry.
[Harry reveals himself.]
Harry: I-I am.
Hagrid: Well, of course you are! Got somethin' for yeh. 'Fraid I mighta sat on it at some point, but I imagine it'll taste fine jus' the same. Ahh.
[Hagrid takes out and hands Harry the cake. Harry takes it.]
Hagrid: Baked it myself, words an' all. Heh.
[Harry opens the box, which reads "Happee Birthdae Harry" in green frosting. He moves the ribbon.]
Harry: Thank you!
Hagrid: 'S not ev'ry day yer young man turns 11 now, is it? Eh?
[Hagrid sits down on the sofa, takes out an umbrella, and points it at the empty fire. Two sparks fly out of the umbrella and start a fire. The Dursley family gasps. Harry puts the cake down. Vernon and Petunia stare at each other.]
Harry: Excuse me, who are you?
Hagrid: Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts. O' course, yeh'll know all about Hogwarts.
Harry: Sorry, no.
Hagrid: No? Blimey, Harry, didn' yeh ever wonder where yer mum an' dad learned it all?
Harry: Learnt what?
Hagrid: Yer a wizard, Harry.
[Harry looks confused.]
Harry: I-I'm a what?
Hagrid: A wizard. An' a thumpin' good 'un, I'd wager, once yer trained up a little.
Harry: No, you've made a mistake. I mean, I can't be a-a-a wizard. I mean, I'm just Harry. Just Harry.
Hagrid: Well, just Harry, did yeh ever make anything happen? Anything you couldn' explain when you were angry or scared?
[Harry softens his expression. Hagrid stands. Dudley whimpers. Hagrid hands Harry the same letter that had been sent previously by all the owls. Harry opens it, and he begins to read.]
Harry: "Dear Mr. Potter, we are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry."
[Vernon comes to Harry.]
Vernon: He will not be going, I tell you! We swore when we took him in, we'd put a stop to all this rubbish!
Harry: You knew? You knew all along and you never told me?
[Petunia comes and joins Hagrid.]
Petunia: Of course we knew. How could you not be? My perfect sister being who she was. Oh, my mother and father were so proud the day she got her letter. "We have a witch in the family. Isn't it wonderful?" I was the only one to see her for what she was. A freak! And then she met that Potter. And then she had you, and I knew you would be the same. Just as strange, just as abnormal. And then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up! And we got landed with you.
Harry: Blown up? You told me my parents died in a car crash!
Hagrid: A car crash? A car crash killed Lily and James Potter?!
Petunia: We had to say something.
[As the Dursleys argue with Hagrid, no one, including Harry, is noticing Dudley taking Harry's cake away.]
Hagrid: 'S an outrage! 'S a scandal!
Vernon: He'll not be going!
Hagrid: Oh-ho-ho, an' I suppose a great muggle like yerself's goin' ter stop him, are yeh?
Harry: Muggle?
Hagrid: Non-magic folk.
[He immediately draws his attention back to Vernon and Petunia in anger.]
Hagrid: This boy's had his name down ever since 'e were born!
[As Hagrid is confronting Vernon and Petunia, Dudley is munching on Harry's cake.]
Hagrid: 'E's goin' to the finest school of witchcraft an' wizardry in the world, and he'll be under the finest headmaster that Hogwarts has ever seen: Albus Dumbledore.
[Harry smiles upon hearing Dumbledore's name.]
Vernon: I will not pay to have some crackpot old fool teach him magic tricks!
[Hagrid pulls out his umbrella and aims it threateningly at Vernon.]
Hagrid: Never insult Albus Dumbledore in front of me.
[Hagrid finally sees Dudley eating Harry's cake and aims his umbrella at his buttock. He fires a magic spark at it, causing a pigtail to grow. Dudley and the Dursleys shriek in both fright and horror as they run off out of sight. Harry laughs at this, so does Hagrid.]
Hagrid: Oh, um, I'd appreciate it if yeh didn' tell anyone at Hogwarts about tha'. Strictly speakin', I'm not allowed ter do magic.
[Harry nods.]
Harry: Okay.
[Hagrid checks his pocket watch and puts it in his jacket.]
Hagrid: Ooh, we're a bit behind schedule. Bes' be off.
[He goes off to the door and pulls it down again before stepping outside. He turns to Harry.]
Hagrid: Unless yeh'd rather stay, of course. Hmm?
[He walks out. Harry grins, looks back at the direction where the Dursleys have gone, and grins again, before grabbing his jacket and joining Hagrid on their journey to London. The next day, in the streets of London, vehicles are moving. People are milling about. Hagrid and Harry walk down the streets while Harry reads the list.]
Harry: All students must be equipped with one standard-size 2-pewter cauldron and may bring, if they desire, either an owl, a cat, or a toad.
[Harry looks at Hagrid.]
Harry: Could we find all this in London?
Hagrid: If you know where ter go.
[They walk towards a corner store, and as they get closer, the sign above it has “The Leaky Cauldron” magically appearing. Hagrid opens the door, and they enter the Leaky Cauldron. There is music playing in the background, and several patrons are speaking to each other. Hagrid closes the door. They walk up to the bar.]
Tom: Ah, Hagrid! The usual, I presume?
Hagrid: No thanks, Tom. I'm on official Hogwarts business. Jus' helpin' young Harry 'ere buy his school supplies.
Tom: Bless my soul. It's Harry Potter!
[The pub immediately goes silent, and everyone stares at him. A man comes up and shakes Harry's hand.]
Man: Welcome back, Mr. Potter. Welcome back.
[A witch comes up and shakes Harry's hand as well.]
Witch: Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter. I can't believe I'm meeting you at last.
[A man in robes with a turban on his head appears. It is Professor Quirrell.]
Professor Quirrell: Harry P-Potter. C-can't tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.
[Harry looks at Hagrid.]
Hagrid: Hello, Professor. I didn' see you there. Harry, this is Professor Quirrell. He'll be yer Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts.
Harry: Oh, nice to meet you.
[He puts out his hand, offering a handshake with Quirrell. But he looks at Harry's head and hesitatingly refuses.]
Professor Quirrell: F-fearfully f-fascinating subject. N-not that you need it, e-eh, Potter? Heh heh.
Hagrid: Yes, well, mus' be goin' now. Lots ter buy. Heh-heh-heh.
Harry: Goodbye.
[The two leave into a back room winery in front of a brick wall as Hagrid opens the back door.]
Hagrid: See, Harry? You're famous!
Harry: But why am I famous, Hagrid? All those people back there, how is it they know who I am?
Hagrid: I'm not sure I'm exactly the right person ter tell yeh that, Harry.
[He taps the brick wall clockwise with his umbrella. The blocks then magically shift to the corners and open up to reveal a hidden, busy street called Diagon Alley.]
Hagrid: Welcome, Harry, to Diagon Alley.
[Harry grins broadly as they step into the street and walk down it. An owl screeches and flies overhead.]
Hagrid: Here's where yeh'll get yer quills an' yer ink, an' o'er there all yer bits an' bobs fer doin' yer wizardry.
[Harry is amazed as they pass by shops and owls and bats. We see people on the streets. We see people holding lollipops, more owls screeching and hooting. A bat touches the perch. The camera pans on a broom store, where a group of boys are crowded around a shiny broom.]
Girl: It's a world-class racing broom.
Boy 1: Wow! Look at it! The new Nimbus 2000!
Boy 2: It's the fastest model yet.
[The camera pans to see the broom's model name on the handle. It first becomes blurry, then we see a clear picture. Harry and Hagrid continue walking down Diagon Alley.]
Harry: But, Hagrid, how am I to pay for all this? I haven't any money.
Hagrid: Well, there's yer money, Harry.
[He points to a tall, white, marble building named Gringotts Bank. We see a view of it.]
Hagrid: Gringotts, the Wizard Bank. T'ain' no safer place, not one. 'Cept perhaps Hogwarts.
[Inside the bank, they walk down the shiny aisle, passing goblins working at their desks. Some carry a wagon. Others are milling about.]
Harry: Uh, Hagrid, what exactly are these things?
Hagrid: They're goblins, Harry. Clever as they come goblins, but not the most friendly o' beasts. Bes' stay close.
[Harry sticks to him. Hagrid clears his throat as they approach a counter with a goblin, wearing spectacles and a waistcoat, at it. The goblin looks up.]
Hagrid: Mr. Harry Potter wishes ter make a withdrawal.
[The goblin puts the quill down and stands.]
Goblin: And does Mr. Harry Potter have his key?
Hagrid: Oh, wait a minute. Got it 'ere somewhere.
[The goblin turns to the corner and sits down. Hagrid holds up a key.]
Hagrid: Ha! There's the little devil. Oh, an' there's somethin' else as well.
[He takes out a letter wrapped in a string.]
Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore gave me this.
[Hagrid hands the Goblin the letter, and the Goblin studies it.]
Hagrid: It's about You-Know-What in vault You-Know-Which.
Goblin: Very well.
[Hagrid nods. Later, they race down the depth caverns in a cart-like structure. The cart stops, and a goblin, named Griphook, clambers out. Harry stares.]
Griphook: Vault 687. Lamp, please.
[Hagrid hands him the lamp. He and Harry walk to the vault.]
Griphook: Key, please.
[Hagrid takes the lamp, hands him the key, and Griphook opens the key door and unlocks the vault. There is a tinkle. Griphook stands back, and the door opens. The room is filled nearly top to bottom with coins. Harry is amazed.]
Hagrid: Didn't think yer mum and dad will leave you with nothin' now, did yeh?
[They continue through the cavern.]
Griphook: Vault 713.
Harry: What's in there, Hagrid?
Hagrid: Can' tell yeh, Harry. Hogwarts business. Very secret.
Griphook: Stand back.
[He slides his finger down the door. The locks clink. The vault opens to reveal a small white stone package. Harry blinks his eyes twice. Hagrid enters the vault and scoops it up. The eerie light it was shining with disappears. Hagrid hides it.]
Hagrid: Bes' not ter mention this to anyone, Harry.
[Harry nods in agreement. Outside back in Diagon Alley, Harry and Hagrid walk through the street. Wizards are milling about. Harry has bought most of his equipment and is reading his list.]
Harry: I still need a wand.
Hagrid: A wand? Well, yeh'll want Ollivander's.
[He points to a store that reads "Ollivander's: Makers of Fine Wands, since 382 B.C.," where wands are sold.]
Hagrid: Th'ain' no place better. Why don' yeh run along there and wait? I jus' got one more thing I got ter do. Won' be long.
[Harry reads the sign and quietly goes into the store. The doorbell tinkles as Harry opens the door and closes it. He puts his stuff down, approaches the desk and looks around. There are shelves of wands in boxes, but no people.]
Harry: Hello? Hello?
[Just then, a noise comes from the back, and a man appears on a ladder and looks at Harry. Harry looks at him. The man is Garrick Ollivander, and he smiles.]
Ollivander: I wondered when I'd be seeing you, Mr. Potter.
[He climbs down the ladder.]
Ollivander: It seems only yesterday that your mother and father were in here buying their first wands.
[He picks a wand and opens the case as he walks to the desk.]
Ollivander: Ah. Here we are.
[He hands Harry the wand. Harry takes it, then holds it, but does nothing.]
Ollivander: Well, give it a wave.
[Harry is hesitant, but waves the wand. This causes most of the boxes to come flying out of the drawers and crash down. Harry jumps and hurriedly puts the wand back on the counter.]
Ollivander: Apparently not.
[Ollivander looks around, holds up a finger and gets another wand from a box.]
Ollivander: Perhaps... this.
[He hands another wand to Harry. He takes it and waves at a vase, which shatters, startling him.]
Ollivander: No, no, definitely not! No matter.
[He gets another wand from a box, but stops and becomes thoughtful.]
Ollivander: I wonder...
[Ollivander turns around, examines the box, and walks forward. He sets the wand cover down on the desk and hands the wand to Harry. No sooner after he touched it, Harry suddenly glows under it, blowing his hair up and a bunch of paperwork in the background. Ollivander looks a bit surprised and deep in thought.]
Ollivander: Curious. Very curious.
Harry: Sorry, but what's curious?
[Ollivander takes and examines the wand he gave to Harry.]
Ollivander: I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. It so happens that the phoenix, whose tail feather resides in your wand, gave another feather. Just one other. It is curious that you should be destined for this wand when its brother gave you that scar.
[He points to the lightning bolt scar on Harry's forehead.]
Harry: And who owned that wand?
Ollivander: We do not speak his name. The wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter. It's not always clear why. But I think it is clear that we can expect great things from you. After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things. Terrible, yes, but great.
[He hands Harry back his wand. Harry then hears a knock on the window.]
Hagrid: Harry! Harry! Happy birthday!
[He has a snowy owl in a cage, which hoots; her name is Hedwig. Harry looks amazed.]
Harry: Wow.
[Later, back in the Leaky Cauldron, Hagrid and Harry are at a long table, eating soup. Everything is too quiet as Hagrid soon notices this.]
Hagrid: Yeh all right, Harry? Yeh seem very quiet.
Harry: He killed my parents, didn't he? The one who gave me this. You know, Hagrid. I know you do.
[Hagrid sighs and pushes his bowl away.]
Hagrid: First, an' understand this, Harry, 'cause 's very important. Not all wizards are good. Some o' them go bad. A few years ago, there was one wizard who went as bad as yeh can go. And his name was V-... his name was V-...
Harry: Maybe if you wrote it down?
Hagrid: No, I can' spell it. All right, Voldemort.
Harry: Voldemort?
Hagrid: Shh!
[Harry looks around to see if anyone heard it.]
Hagrid: It was dark times, Harry, dark times.
[We switch over to a flashback on the night at Godric's Hollow, consisting off a cloaked man walking towards a house, breaking in with his wand, and proceeding to terrorize. The door blasts open. Hagrid narrates.]
Hagrid: Voldemort started ter gather some followers, brought 'em over to the dark side. Anyone that stood up to 'im ended up dead. Your parents fought against him, but nobody lived once he decided ter kill 'em.
[Harry's mother, Lily, screams in pain as she is killed by Voldemort's wand. Green flashes are seen from the windows outside the house as thunder booms. Then, we see Voldemort pointing his wand at an infant Harry Potter's head.]
Hagrid: Nobody, not one. 'Cept you.
[We switch back to the present.]
Harry: Me? Voldemort tried to kill me?
Hagrid: Yes. Tha' ain' no ordinary cut on yer forehead, Harry. A mark like tha' only comes from bein' touched by a curse, an' an evil curse at tha'.
Harry: What happened to V... to You-Know-Who?
Hagrid: Well, some say 'e died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Nope, I reckon 'e's out there still, too tired ter carry on. But one thing's absolutely certain. Somethin' about you stumped him that night. That's why yer famous. That's why ev'rybody knows yer name. You're the boy who lived.
[We transition to King's Cross Station. Up on a crossing bridge, Harry, with his cart holding his baggage, equipment, and Hedwig, walks beside Hagrid. A couple look at Hagrid, suspiciously.]
Hagrid: What're you lookin' at?
[He then checks his pocket watch.]
Hagrid: Blimey, 's that the time? Sorry, Harry, I'm gonna have ter leave you. Dumbledore will be wantin' 'is, uh, well, he'll be wantin' ter see me. Now, uh, yer train leaves in 10 minutes. 'Ere's yer ticket.
[He hands Harry a train ticket.]
Hagrid: Stick to it, Harry, tha's very important. Stick to yer ticket.
[Hagrid leaves as Harry glances at his ticket. It read "LONDON TO HOGWARTS™; for ONE WAY travel; HOGWARTS; Platform 9¾; Issued subject to the Rules & Regulations of the Hogwarts Express Railway Authorities."]
Harry: "Platform 9¾?" But, Hagrid, there must be a mistake. This says Platform 9¾. There's no such thing, is there?
[Harry looks up, but we now see that Hagrid has vanished, and Harry is left all alone with his cart, looking around. Harry walks down a lane between trains. A man says something and rushes by.]
Man: Sorry.
[Harry sees a guard talking to someone.]
Harry: Excuse me, excuse me.
Station Guard: Right on your left, madam.
Harry: Excuse me, sir. Can you tell me where I might find Platform 9¾?
Station Guard: 9¾? Think you're bein' funny, do ya?
[He walks off, muttering.]
Station Guard: "9¾."
[Harry then notices a woman, daughter, and four boys, who are known as the Weasleys, walk by, pushing their carts.]
Molly Weasley: It's the same year after year. Always packed with Muggles, of course.
Harry: Muggles?
Molly Weasley: Come on. Platform 9¾ this way!
[They all go to the brick wall. Molly and Ginny turn around.]
Molly Weasley: All right, Percy, you first.
[A tall boy with red hair, Percy, comes forward and runs towards a brick wall. Amazingly, he disappears right into it. Harry is amazed and looks around.]
Molly: Fred, you next.
George: He's not Fred, I am!
Fred: Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother.
Molly: Oh, I'm sorry, George.
[Fred moves towards the wall.]
Fred: I'm only jokin'. I am Fred!
[He runs through the wall and is followed by his twin brother. Harry shakes his head in disbelief.]
Harry: Excuse me! C-could you tell me how to...?
Molly: How to get on the platform? Yes, not to worry, dear. It's Ron's first time to Hogwarts as well.
[We pan to a red-haired boy, Ron, who smiles.]
Molly: Now, all you've got to do is walk straight at the wall between platforms 9 and 10. Best do it at a bit of a run if you're nervous.
Ginny: Good luck.
[Harry moves towards the wall. He takes a deep breath and runs at the wall. He shuts his eyes and emerges on the other side, a magnificent station at Platform 9¾ with a red train, which is the Hogwarts Express, and bundles of people. Harry looks back at the wall and moves towards the train. He smiles. A whistle blows, and Harry sighs with relief. He stares at the sign. Later on, the Hogwarts Express travels through the countryside. We see images of the Hogwarts Express. Harry is sitting alone in a train compartment, staring out the window. Ron appears in the doorway.]
Ron: Excuse me, do you mind? Everywhere else is full.
Harry: Not at all.
[Ron comes in and sits across from Harry.]
Ron: I'm Ron, by the way. Ron Weasley.
Harry: I'm Harry. Harry Potter.
[Ron goes agape.]
Ron: So-so it's true! I mean, do you really have the... the...?
Harry: The what?
[Ron looks around and whispers.]
Ron: The scar?
Harry: Oh.
[Harry lifts his hair bangs to reveal the scar on his forehead.]
Harry: Yeah.
Ron: Wicked!
[Harry sighs. A trolley comes by the compartment, full of sweets.]
Woman: Anything off the trolley, dears?
[Ron holds up his mushed sandwiches.]
Ron: No, thanks. I'm all set.
[Ron smacks lips and puts it down.]
Harry: We'll take the lot!
[He pulls out coins from his pocket.]
Ron: Whoa!
[Another image of the Hogwarts Express. A bit later, Harry and Ron are not sitting together eating bundles of sweets. Ron's rat, Scabbers, is perched on Ron's knee, a box over his head.]
Harry: Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans?
Ron: They mean every flavour! There's chocolate and peppermint, and there's also spinach, liver and tripe. George swore he got a bogey-flavoured one once!
[Harry quickly takes the bean he was chewing out of his mouth. He picks up a blue and gold package.]
Harry: These aren't real frogs, are they?
Ron: It's just a spell. Besides, it's the cards you want. Each pack's got a famous witch or wizard. I got about 500 meself.
[Harry opens the package, and a chocolate frog jumps onto the window and climbs up.]
Ron: Watch it!
[The frog reaches the open gap in the window and jumps out.]
Ron: Oh, that's rotten luck. They've only got one good jump in them to begin with.
[Harry sees Dumbledore's image in the card.]
Harry: I've got Dumbledore!
Ron: I got about six of him.
[Harry looks at the card again, but Dumbledore has vanished.]
Harry: Hey, he's gone!
Ron: Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day, can you?
[A mouse named Scabbers squeaks and sniffs inside one of the Bertie Bott's boxes.]
Ron: This is Scabbers, by the way. Pathetic, isn't he?
Harry: Just a little bit.
Ron: Fred gave me a spell as to turn him yellow. Want to see?
Harry: Yeah!
[Ron reaches for his wand and clears his throat.]
Ron: Ahem. Sun-
[A girl, Hermione Granger, with bushy brown hair, dressed in robes, appears at the doorway. Harry and Ron stare.]
Hermione: Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's lost one.
Ron: No.
Hermione: Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see then.
[Ron clears his throat again.]
Ron: Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, turn this stupid fat rat yellow!
[He zaps Scabbers, and the covers fall out. Ron and Harry shrug.]
Hermione: Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it? Of course, I've only tried a few simple ones myself, but they've all worked for me.
[Hermione goes over and sits across from Harry. He points her wand at his glasses, and Harry tenses.]
Hermione: For example: Oculus Reparo.
[The tape on the nose-band vanishes, repairing his glasses as if they were good as new. Harry takes them off, amazed, and stares at Ron.]
Hermione: That's better, isn't it? Holy cricket, you're Harry Potter! I'm Hermione Granger. And you are...?
Ron: I'm Ron Weasley.
Hermione: Pleasure. You two better change into robes. I expect we'll be arriving soon.
[She gets up and leaves, then comes back and looks at Ron.]
Hermione: You've got dirt on your nose, by the way. Did you know? Just there.
[The whistle blows. She points to the dirt mark on Ron's nose. Ron scratches his nose, embarrassed. It is nighttime at Hogsmeade station, the train blows its whistle and pulls into the station. Hagrid walks along the side aisle, with a lantern. All the first years, in their robes, begin pouring out of the train.]
Hagrid: Righ', then! First years! This way, please! Come on, now, first years, don' be shy! Come on now, hurry up!
[Harry and Ron, now in their robes, walk up to Hagrid.]
Hagrid: Hello, Harry.
Harry: Hey, Hagrid.
Ron: Whoa!
Hagrid: Righ', then. This way to the boats! Come on, now, follow me.
[The students follow Hagrid. Later, we see a large number of boats plugging across a vast lake, where up ahead, there is a huge castle, known as the Hogwarts Castle, which can be seen in the distance. Everyone is in awe. We see a view of Hogwarts.]
Ron: Wicked.
[They continue further towards the castle. Later on, the first-year students walk into the castle and up the staircase. As the camera pans, we see on a higher level, Professor McGonagall is waiting. She taps her fingers on a stone railing and goes to the top of the stairs to greet the newcomers.]
Professor McGonagall: Welcome to Hogwarts. Now, in a few moments, you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you can take your seats, you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Now, while you're here, your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you points. Any rule-breaking, and you will lose points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points wins the house cup.
[A scared-looking boy, Neville Longbottom, hears and spots the toad sitting near McGonagall, croaking. He jumps forward.]
Neville: Trevor!
[He catches his toad; McGonagall stares down at him as some of the students laugh.]
Neville: Sorry.
[He backs away, embarrassed.]
Professor McGonagall: The sorting ceremony will begin momentarily.
[She leaves to go into the Great Hall. A young evil looking boy, with short blonde hair, Draco Malfoy, speaks up.]
Malfoy: It's true then, what they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts.
[Some of the students are heard whispering, "Harry Potter?" Malfoy introduces his two friends and walks up to Harry.]
Malfoy: This is Crabbe and Goyle. And I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy.
[Ron snickers at his name.]
Malfoy: Think my name's funny, do you? I've no need to ask yours. Red hair, and a hand-me-down robe? You must be a Weasley. You'll soon find that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.
[He extends his hand to Harry. Harry is not going to take Malfoy's arrogance.]
Harry: I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself, thanks.
[Malfoy glares. McGonagall returns and taps him on the shoulder with a paper. He leaves Harry with one last glare.]
Professor McGonagall: We're ready for you now. Follow me.
[Professor McGonagall leads the first years through two large doors that go to the Great Hall, where there are four long tables with thousands of students, as well as floating candles. The roof appears to be the sky.]
Hermione: It's not real, the ceiling. It's just bewitched to look like the night sky. I read about it in Hogwarts: A History.
[McGonagall leads the first years to the front where the Sorting Hat lies on the stool.]
Professor McGonagall: All right, will you wait along here, please? Now, before we begin, Professor Dumbledore would like to say a few words.
[Dumbledore rises from the main table.]
Professor Dumbledore: I have a few start-of-term notices I wish to announce. The first years, please note that the Dark Forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch...
[He shows a ragged old man, Mr. Argus Filch, with his cat with red eyes, Mrs. Norris.]
Professor Dumbledore: ...has asked me to remind you that the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you.
[He sits back down. McGonagall raises the hat.]
Professor McGonagall: Now, when I call your name, you will come forth. I shall place the sorting hat on your head, and you will be sorted into your houses. Hermione Granger.
Hermione: Oh, no. Okay, relax.
[She walks over to the main table.]
Ron: Mental, that one, I'm tellin' ya.
[Harry nods in agreement. Hermione sits on the stool, and McGonagall places the sorting hat on her head.]
Sorting Hat: Ah, right then. Hmm, right. Okay. Gryffindor!
[The Gryffindor students cheer; Hermione jumps off with a smile, walks over to the Gryffindor table, and sits down.]
Professor McGonagall: Draco Malfoy.
[Malfoy saunters up proudly. The tattered hat nearly freaks before touching down on Malfoy's head.]
Sorting Hat: Slytherin!
[The Slytherin students cheer, not as loudly.]
Ron: There isn't a witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin.
Professor McGonagall: Susan Bones.
[A small redheaded girl, Susan Bones, walks up to the Sorting Hat. Harry looks around and notices a black greasy haired, pale man, Severus Snape, giving him sinister looks. His scar hurts.]
Harry: Ahh!
[He puts his hand on his forehead in pain. Ron looks concerned.]
Ron: Harry, what is it?
Sorting Hat: Where should I put you?
Harry: Nothing. Nothing, I'm fine.
Sorting Hat: Let's see. I know! Hufflepuff!
[The Hufflepuff students cheer.]
Professor McGonagall: Ronald Weasley.
[Ron gulps and walks up. He sits down on the stool as McGonagall places the hat on his head.]
Sorting Hat: Ha! Another Weasley. I know just what to do with you. Gryffindor!
[The students cheer as Ron sighs in relief. Harry smiles.]
Professor McGonagall: Harry Potter.
[Ron sits down. Everything goes silent. Harry walks up and sits down on the stool. The Sorting Hat is placed on his head.]
Sorting Hat: Hmm, difficult, very difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind, either. There's talent, oh, yes. And a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you?
[Harry whispers to the hat.]
Harry: Not Slytherin, not Slytherin!
Sorting Hat: Not Slytherin, eh? Are you sure? You could be great, you know. It's all here, in your head. And Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness! There's no doubt about that. No?
Harry: Please, not Slytherin, anything but Slytherin.
Sorting Hat: Well, if you're sure. Better be....GRYFFINDOR!
[There is an immense cheering and Harry gets sent to the Gryffindor table.]
Fred and George: We got Potter! We got Potter!
[Harry sits down at the table. Some Gryffindors shake hands with Harry. He looks at Dumbledore, who lifts up his goblet and slightly waves it, as if he were wishing congratulations. Harry takes his seat. Later, when all of the first years are sorted in their houses, all of the students were talking to each other. McGonagall dings on a cup.]
Professor McGonagall: Your attention, please.
[Dumbledore rises from his chair.]
Professor Dumbledore: Let the feast begin.
[From the aerial view of the Great Hall, food magically appears on all the tables, and the hall is filled with awe and chatter.]
Harry: Wow.
[Malfoy looks at all the food, raises his eyebrows and digs in. Students dig in some food. Ron stuffs his face with chicken. Neville looks at some heads and talks.]
Seamus: I'm half and half. Me dad's a Muggle. Mam's a witch. Bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out.
[Neville laughs. Harry is sitting next to Percy. He leans over and points.]
Harry: Say, Percy, who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?
Percy: Oh, that's Professor Snape, head of Slytherin house.
Harry: What's he teach?
Percy: Potions. But everyone knows it's the Dark Arts he fancies. He's been after Quirrell's job for years.
[Ron, having just finished a chicken wing, reaches into the bowl for more, and a ghost, Sir Nicholas, pops out.]
Ron: Ahh!
Nick: Hello! How are you? Welcome to Gryffindor.
[Everyone stares as numerous ghosts come pouring from the walls, sailing along. One whacks the food, laughing and floating.]
Bloody Baron: Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Girl: Look, it's the Bloody Baron!
Percy:' Hello, Sir Nicholas. Have a nice summer?
Nick: Dismal. Once again, my request to join the headless hunt has been denied.
[He begins to leave. Percy takes another chicken.]
Ron: I know you! You're Nearly Headless Nick!
Nick: I prefer Sir Nicholas if you don't mind.
Hermione: "Nearly" headless? How can you be nearly headless?
Nick: Like this.
[He grabs his head and pulls it to the side. His head is hanging on just by a thread.]
Ron: Ahh!
[Hermione grimaces in disgust; Harry just simply rolls his eyes. Nick reattaches his head back to his body. Later, Percy leads the Gryffindors to the staircase tower. We see students exit the Great Hall.]
Percy: Gryffindors, follow me, please. Keep up. Thank you.
Ravenclaw Prefect: Ravenclaws, follow me. This way.
Percy: This is the most direct path to the dormitories. Oh, and keep an eye on the staircases. They like to change.
[The camera pans up and we see a vast amount of staircases, people walking on them, and some switching places.]
Percy: Keep up, please, and follow me. Quickly now, come on. Come on.
[They begin walking up the stairs, several of the portraits began greeting them.]
Neville: Seamus, that picture's moving!
Ron: Look at that one, Harry!
Harry: I think she fancies you.
Girl: Oh, look! Look! Who's that girl?
Man in a Painting: Welcome to Hogwarts.
Girl: Who's that?
[A bit later on the seventh floor, Percy leads the students in the corridor to Gryffindor Tower. They come up to a large painting of a large woman in a pink dress. She is known as "The Fat Lady".]
The Fat Lady: Password?
Percy: Caput Draconis.
[The Fat Lady smiles and nods in confirmation. The painting opens up to reveal a doorway in the wall, leading to Gryffindor Tower.]
Percy: Follow me, everyone. Keep up. Quickly, come on.
Girl: Oh, wow.
[They enter the Gryffindor Common Room.]
Percy: Gather around here. Welcome to the Gryffindor Common Room. Boys' dormitory is upstairs and down to your left. Girls, the same on your right. You'll find all your belongings have already been brought up.
[Later at midnight. we see a suitcase open and people sleeping. We see scarves on the chairs. The windows are open. Harry is sitting by a window in his PJs with Hedwig. He pets the owl and looks out the window, sighing with content, knowing that he will love it here at Hogwarts. We fade to daytime at Hogwarts. Harry and Ron run in the corridors because they're late for Transfiguration class. In the class, students write something in a quill. A tabby cat is sitting on a desk. Harry and Ron rush in; Goyle and Malfoy turn. Hermione rolls her eyes in annoyance because they're late for class.]
Ron: Whew! Made it! Can you imagine the look on McGonagall's face if we were late?
[The cat jumps off the desk and transforms into Professor McGonagall, on-screen for the first time. The two boys are amazed as McGonagall approaches them.]
Ron: That was bloody brilliant!
Professor McGonagall: Thank you for that assessment, Mr. Weasley. Perhaps it would be more useful if I were to transfigure Mr. Potter and yourself into a pocket watch? That way, one of you might be on time.
Harry: We got lost.
Professor McGonagall: Then perhaps a map? I trust you don't need one to find your seats.
[McGonagall moves to the front of the classroom. Harry and Ron sit down. Later on, inside Snape's potions classroom, the students are chattering, sitting near steaming cauldrons. The door slams open and Snape comes rushing in.]
Professor Snape: There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion-making. However, for those select few...
[He looks at Malfoy, who smiles]
Professor Snape: ...who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory and even put a stopper...
[Malfoy looks on.]
Professor Snape: ...in death.
[Ron and a student look at each other. Malfoy raises his eyebrows. Snape sees Harry, writing what Snape said in his lecture down, in, his view, not paying attention.]
Professor Snape: Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confident enough to not pay attention.
[Hermione nudges Harry, finally making him look up to the Professor. Snape then walks to where he can speak to Harry more properly.]
Professor Snape: Mr. Potter. Our new celebrity. Tell me, what would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?
[Hermione raises her hand. Harry shrugs.]
Professor Snape: You don't know? Well, let's try again. Where, Mr. Potter, would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar?
[Hermione's hand raises again.]
Harry: I don't know, sir.
Professor Snape: And what is the difference between monkshood and wolfbane?
Harry I don't know, sir.
Professor Snape: Pity. Clearly, fame isn't everything.
[Malfoy has a smirk on his face.]
Professor Snape: Is it, Mr. Potter?
[Harry stares at Snape, knowing that he shows dislike for the boy. In the great hall, around midday. The students are all doing their homework. Seamus is trying a spell on a cup.]
Seamus Eye of rabbit, harp string hum. Turn this water, into rum.
[He looks in cup and shakes head.]
Seamus: Eye of rabbit, harp string hum...
Harry: What's Seamus trying to do to that glass of water?
Ron: Turn it into rum. Actually managed a weak tea yesterday, before-
[Ron was cut off when a mighty flash occurs. We now see that the cup has exploded, and Seamus is left charred. Several students laugh at this as Hermione fans away the smoke with her hand. Suddenly, a flock of owls start coming into the hall from the rafters above.]
Ron: Ah. Mail's here!
[The students look up as the owls soar by, dropping parcels to students. One parcel falls on the ground. Harry gets nothing. He sees the newspaper Ron has put down.]
Harry: Can I borrow this?
[Ron nods.]
Harry: Thanks.
[Neville unwraps a gift. It is a clear glass ball with a gold banner around it.]
Dean: Hey, look! Neville's got a Remembrall!
Hermione: I've read about those. When the smoke turns red...
[The smoke in the Remembrall turns red.]
Hermione: ...it means you've forgotten something.
Neville: The only problem is, I can't remember what I've forgotten.
Harry: Hey, Ron! Somebody broke into Gringotts. Listen.
[He reads the article.]
Harry: "Believed to be the work of dark witches or wizards unknown, Gringotts goblins, while acknowledging the breach, insist that nothing was taken. The vault in question, number 713, had in fact been emptied earlier that same day." That's odd. That's the vault Hagrid and I went to.
[Harry and Ron look at Hermione in wonder. That afternoon, outside the castle, the Gryffindor and Slytherin students are lined up in two rows with brooms by their sides. The teacher, Madam Hooch, comes down the line. She has short hair and hawk yellow eyes.]
Madam Hooch: Good afternoon, class.
Class: Good afternoon, Madam Hooch.
Madam Hooch: Good afternoon, Amanda, good afternoon. Welcome to your first flying lesson. Well, what are you waiting for? Everyone step up to the left side of their broomstick. Come on now, hurry up. Stick your right hand over the broom and say, "Up."
Class: Up!
[After Harry said "Up!", the broom immediately flies into his hand and is amazed.]
Harry: Wow!
[Hermione stares at him as the class continues.]
Malfoy: Up!
[The broomstick flies up and Malfoy smugly grins.]
Ron: Up. Up!
Madam Hooch: With feeling!
[Hermione's broomstick slowly rises.]
Hermione: Up. Up. Up. Up.
Ron: Up!!
[His broom immediately shot up and whacked him on the nose]
Ron: Ooh!
[Harry laughs.]
Ron: Shut up, Harry.
[Ron then seemingly starts to laugh after he recovered.]
Madam Hooch: Now, once you've got hold of your broom, I want you to mount it. And grip it tight, you don't want to be sliding off the end.
[The class mounts on their broomsticks.]
Madam Hooch: When I blow my whistle, I want each of you to kick off from the ground, hard. Keep your broom steady, hover for a moment, then lean forward slightly and touch back down. On my whistle. 3, 2...
[She blows the whistle. However, Neville's broomstick somehow lifts him off the ground unexpectedly. Neville immediately lifts off. He looks quite frightened.]
Neville: Oh...
Madam Hooch: Mr. Longbottom.
Girl: Neville, what are you doing?
Students: Neville... Neville...
Boy: We're not supposed to take off yet.
[Neville begins soaring away uncontrollably.]
Madam Hooch: M-M-M-Mr. Longb-!
Neville: AHH!
Madam Hooch: Mr. Longbottom!
Neville: Down! Down! Ahhhh!
Harry: Neville!
Neville: Help!!!
[He immediately skyrockets towards the sky.]
Madam Hooch: Come back down this instant!
Neville: AHH!
[He flies uncontrollably in the air and hits a wall, conking along it and then swooping off. All the while, he is screaming. He begins to zoom back towards the group of students. Hooch quickly holds out her wand to stop him.]
Neville: Help!
Madam Hooch: Mr. Longbottom-!
[However, the students quickly stand back as Hooch dives out of the way, allowing Neville to fly right through. Neville goes through the scatter and up a tower.]
Neville: Ahhhh! Whoa! Ahhh!
[He zooms past a statue of a man with a sharp spear. Neville's cloak catches on it. He is flipped off the broom and hangs there. Students stand around it.]
Neville: Oh. Ah, help!
[He wavers, then the cloak rips through the spear, and he falls. But his cloak catches on a torch, making Neville slip off from his cloak a second later and fall to the ground.]
Neville: Ow!
Madam Hooch: Everyone out of the way!
[She runs through the group, and they scatter.]
Madam Hooch Come on, get up.
Hermione: Is he alright?
[Hooch is helping Neville up; he has broken his wrist after he fell.]
Neville: Ow, ow, ow, ow.
Madam Hooch: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh dear. It's a broken wrist. Tch, tch, tch. Poor boy. Come on now, up you get.
[Malfoy reaches down and grabs Neville's Remembrall, which has fallen from him. Hooch begins to lead Neville away with her.]
Madam Hooch: Everyone's to keep their feet firmly on the ground while I take Mr. Longbottom to the hospital wing. Understand? If I see a single broom in the air, the one riding it will find themselves out of Hogwarts before they can say Quidditch.
[Madam Hooch leaves the field to take Neville to the hospital wing. Malfoy snickers.]
Malfoy: Did you see his face? Maybe if the fat lump had given this a squeeze, he'd have remembered to fall on his fat arse.
[He and his goons laugh; Harry approaches him.]
Harry: Give it here, Malfoy.
[Malfoy turns to Harry.]
Malfoy: No. I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find.
[He hops on his broom and soars around the group, then through.]
Malfoy: How about on the roof?
[He soars off and hovers several feet above the grounds.]
Malfoy: What's the matter, Potter? Bit beyond your reach?
[Finally having had enough, Harry gets on his broom, but Hermione stops him.]
Hermione: Harry, no way! You heard what Madam Hooch said. Besides, you don't even know how to fly.
[Harry flies off to face Malfoy, ignoring her.]
Hermione: What an idiot.
[Harry is now in the air, across from Malfoy, catching a ball.]
Harry: Give it here, Malfoy, or I'll knock you off your broom!
Malfoy: Is that so?
[Harry makes a dash for him, but Malfoy twirls around his broom in a 360-degree angle.]
Malfoy: Have it your way, then.
[Malfoy hurls the Remembrall into the air, like a baseball. Harry zooms after the ball, speeding towards a tower. Just as he is about to hit a window, from which McGonagall is working, he catches it. McGonagall takes off her glass, notices this and looks surprised as Harry begins to fly back down to the grounds. The students all cheer as Harry lands back on the ground at ease. They run to see him.]
Boy: Nice going, Harry!
Boy 2: Oh, that was wicked, Harry!
[McGonagall appears in the grounds.]
Professor McGonagall: Harry Potter!
[Harry notices her.]
Professor McGonagall: Follow me.
[Harry sullenly follows her. Malfoy and his goons snicker in delight reveling in the fact that Harry is possibly in trouble for being seen by McGonagall. McGonagall and Harry arrive outside of Professor Quirrell's classroom. He is inside teaching, holding an iguana.]
Professor Quirrell: An iguana s-such as this is...
McGonagall: You wait here.
Quirrell: ...an essential in-gredient.
[The door opens as McGonagall enters.]
McGonagall: Professor Quirrell, excuse me, excuse me. Could I borrow Wood for a moment, please?
Quirrell: Oh, y-yes, of course.
[A boy, Oliver Wood, gets up to leave and Quirrell continues.]
Quirrell: And the vampire b-bat...
[As Wood exits the classroom, an eerie roar is heard.]
McGonagall: Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood, I have found you a Seeker!
[Harry and Ron are walking through crowded halls. Sir Nicholas and a lady ghost float by.]
Nick: Have you heard? Harry Potter's the new Gryffindor Seeker. I always knew he'd do well.
Ron: Seeker? But first years never make their house teams! You must be the youngest Quidditch player in...
Harry: A century, according to McGonagall.
[Fred and George approach and walk along with Ron and Harry.]
Fred: Hey, well done, Harry, Wood's just told us!
Ron: Fred and George are on the team, too. Beaters.
George: Our job is to make sure that you don't get bloodied up too bad. Can't make any promises, of course. Rough game, Quidditch.
Fred: Brutal. But no one's died in years. Someone will vanish occasionally.
[They break off from Harry and Ron, who walk across a courtyard.]
George: But they'll turn up in a month or two!
Ron: Oh, go on, Harry. Quidditch is great. Best game there is! And you'll be great, too!
[Hermione, knowing what Harry is talking about, jumps up from her work and comes to join them.]
Harry: But I've never even played Quidditch. What if I make a fool of myself?
Hermione: You won't make a fool of yourself. It's in your blood.
[Harry stares at Hermione. Later, the three approach a trophy case. Hermione points at a plaque of Quidditch players. One lists James as a Seeker.]
Ron: Whoa. Harry, you never told me your father was a Seeker, too.
Harry: I didn't know.
[The three are walking up a staircase in the Grand Staircase tower. A railing pulls in, Hermione looks, but continues walking.]
Ron: I'm telling you, it's spooky. She knows more about you than you do.
Harry: Who doesn't?
[The staircase shudders and begins to move. The three grab the railings.]
Ron: Ahh!
[Hermione gasps.]
Harry: What's happening?
Hermione: The staircases change, remember?
[The staircase stops, leading to a corridor. Harry taps Ron.]
Harry: Let's go this way.
Ron: Before the staircase moves again.
[They all open a door and walk into a spooky, dark, and deserted corridor and see a statue.]
Ron: Does anyone feel like we shouldn't be here?
Hermione: We're not supposed to be here. This is the third floor. It's forbidden.
[Suddenly, a flame lights on a tall stone support. At that moment, Filch's cat, Mrs. Norris, comes running in and meows. The group jumps.]
Harry: Let's go.
[Mrs. Norris meows. They all turn.]
Hermione: It's Filch's cat!
Harry: Run!
[The trio run through the corridor, flames are lit up on the stone supports, one by one, as they run past. They get to the end of the corridor, to a door.]
Harry: Quick! Let's hide through that door!
[Harry grabs the handle, but it's locked.]
Harry: It's locked!
Ron: That's it! We're done for!
Hermione: Oh, move over!
[She pushes through and pulls out her wand, aiming it at the lock.]
Hermione: Alohomora.
[The door's lock lifts up magically and it opens.]
Hermione: Get in.
[They bustle in.]
Ron: Alohomora?
Hermione: Standard Book of Spells, Chapter 7.
[Filch arrives at the start of the corridor with a light. Mrs. Norris looks at him.]
Filch: Anyone here, my sweet?
[Mrs. Norris meows.]
Filch: Come on.
[They leave the corridor.]
Hermione': Filch is gone.
Ron: He probably thinks this door's locked.
Hermione: It was locked.
Harry: And for good reason.
[Ron and Hermione turn to stand with Harry. There is a massively huge three headed dog sleeping in front of them. The dog begins to wake. He growls, yawns, and growls more, noticing the intruders. It rises.]
All: AHHHHHHH!
[The three bolt, running out of the door. They turn quickly to shut the door and battle against the dog. They get the door shut and run. They return to the Gryffindor Common Room. They are breathless.]
Ron: What do they think they're doing? Keepin’ a thing like that locked up in a school.
Hermione: You don't use your eyes, do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on?
Ron: I wasn't lookin’ at its feet! I was a bit preoccupied with its heads. Or maybe you didn't notice. There were three!
[They begin to climb the stairs to the dorms.]
Hermione: It was standing on a trapdoor. Which means it wasn't there by accident. It's guarding something.
Harry: Guarding something?
Hermione: That's right. Now, if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed. Or worse, expelled.
[She turns and leaves, shutting the door to her dormitory.]
Ron: She needs to sort out her priorities.
[Harry nods in agreement and they head to their dormitory. Outside in the courtyard, daytime. Oliver and Harry appear, carrying a trunk.]
Oliver: Quidditch is easy enough to understand. Each time has seven players. Three Chasers, two Beaters, one Keeper and a Seeker. That's you.
[They put the trunk down. Oliver opens it and picks up a red one.]
Oliver: There are three kinds of balls. This one's called the Quaffle.
[He throws the ball to Harry and points to the hoops in the Quidditch pitch in the distance.]
Oliver: Now, the chasers handle the Quaffle and try to put it through one of those three hoops.
Oliver: The keeper, that's me, defends the hoops. With me so far?
[Harry throws the ball back.]
Harry: I think so. What are those?
[He points to two squirming chained down balls. Oliver bends down and hands Harry a small bat.]
Oliver: You better take this.
[He bends down and releases one ball. With an angry growl, it flies off into the air. The two boys watch it.]
Oliver: Careful now, it's comin’ back.
[The balls comes whizzing down, and Harry cracks at it with the bat. The ball soars off through a statue, surprisingly without damaging it.]
Oliver: Not bad, Potter. You'd make a fair Beater. Uh-oh.
[The ball zooms down, and Oliver grabs it, wriggling to get it back in the box. He succeeds and is out of breath.]
Harry: What was that?!
Oliver: Bludger. Nasty little buggers. But you are a Seeker.
[He opens another latch and takes the Golden Snitch. He stands.]
Oliver: The only thing I want you to worry about is this. The Golden Snitch.
[He hands Harry a walnut sized golden ball. Harry takes it.]
Harry: I like this ball.
Oliver: Ah, you like it now. Just wait. It's wicked fast and damn near impossible to see.
Harry: What do I do with it?
Oliver: You catch it. Before the other team's Seeker. You catch this, the game is over. You catch this, Potter, and we win.
[Harry opens his hand as the ball flutters out two delicate wings and jumps into the air. Harry keeps an eye on it.]
Harry: Whoa!
[In Professor Flitwick's class. Flitwick is very short, and is standing on a bunch of books to make up for his stature and to see his class.]
Professor Flitwick: One of a wizard's most rudimentary skills is levitation, or the ability to make objects fly. Uh, do you have your feathers?
[Hermione raises hers.]
Professor Flitwick: Good. Now, uh, don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practicing. Hmm? The swish and flick. Everyone.
All: The swish and flick.
Professor Flitwick: Good. Oh, and enunciate. Wingardium Leviosa. Off you go, then.
[The class begin to enunciate and doing the movements on their feathers.]
Malfoy: Wingardium Levio-saaa.
All: Wingardium Leviosa.
Ron: Wingardium Leviosar!
[He waves his wand really fast numerous times because he thinks the spell didn't work. Hermione stops him.]
Hermione: No, stop, stop, stop! You're going to take someone's eye out. Besides, you're saying it wrong. It's Levi-o-sa, not Leviosar.
Ron: You do it, then, if you're so clever. Go on, go on.
[Hermione straightens up and swishes her wand.]
Hermione: Wingardium Leviosa.
[The whole class glances as the feather glows and lifts up.]
Professor Flitwick: Oh, well done! See here, everyone, Miss Granger's done it! Oh, splendid!
[Ron puts his head on his books dejectedly. Seamus begins swishing at his feather.]
Seamus: Wingard Leviosa. Wingar-
Professor Flitwick: Well done, dear.
[An almighty explosion flashes. Flitwick gasps, as Ron and Hermione turn to the source of the explosion.]
Professor Flitwick: Whoa! Ooh.
[We see that Seamus is charred again with his feather, now smoldering to ashes.]
Harry: I think we're going to need another feather over here, Professor.
[Neville, Harry, Ron and Seamus are walking through a courtyard with other students all around. Ron mimics Hermione.]
Ron: It's Levioooosa, not Leviosaaaar. She's a nightmare, honestly! No wonder she hasn't got any friends!
[Hermione rushes past Ron, hugging her books and sniffling in tears.]
Harry: I think she heard you.
[Hermione disappears into the crowd, deeply hurt by Ron's words. That Halloween night, there is thunder. The great hall has floating Jack O'Lanterns in place of the candles as the view goes down. Harry notices an empty spot on the bench. Students are chattering.]
Harry: Where's Hermione?
Neville: Parvati Patil said that she wouldn't come out of the girls’ bathroom. She said that she'd been in there all afternoon, crying.
[Harry glances at Ron with a disapproving look on his face; Ron shrugs. Suddenly, Professor Quirrell comes running into the Great Hall in panic.]
Professor Quirrell: TROLL! IN THE DUNGEON! T-TROOLLL IN THE DUNGEON!
[Dumbledore rises from his seat in concern. Everyone looks at Quirrell and he stops and there is utter silence.]
Professor Quirrell: Thought you ought to know.
[Quirrell passes out in fear. The great hall goes silent, thunder sounds and then everyone freaks out, screaming and running.]
Professor Dumbledore: SILLLLLEEENNNNCEEEEE!
[Everyone stops and calms down.]
Professor Dumbledore: Everyone will please not panic! Now, prefects will lead their house back to the dormitories. Teachers will follow me to the dungeons.
[Students and staff leave the Great Hall.]
[Snape looks aghast, and he walks out through a doorway. A bit later, Percy is leading the Gryffindors down a dark corridor.]
Percy: Gryffindors, keep up, please, and stay alert!
Harry: How could a troll get in?
Ron: Not on its own. Trolls are really stupid. Probably people playing jokes.
[Suddenly, Harry stops and pulls Ron aside.]
Ron: What?
Harry: Hermione! She doesn't know!
[The two separate themselves from the crowd. They run down corridors. They start running down a hall when they stop because there's a grunting noise coming from a large shadow on the wall.]
Ron: I think the troll's left the dungeon!
[Harry pulls Ron into a doorway, they peer out to see a large, ugly troll thunks by into a room.]
Harry: It's going into the girls’ bathroom!
[In the girls’ bathroom, Hermione emerges from a stall, wiping her eyes. She stops when she sees something. The troll is standing there. Hermione backs up into the stall just as the troll raises his club and smashes the top part of the stalls. Hermione screams in terror. Harry and Ron come bursting in.]
Harry: Hermione, move!
[The troll smashes the remaining stalls.]
Hermione: Help! Help!
[Harry and Ron throw wood pieces at the troll.]
Ron: Hey, pea brain!
[Ron throws wood and hits the troll on the head. Hermione escapes from the stalls to under a sink, but the troll sees her and then comes over to smash her. He cracks the sink and barely misses Hermione. Harry cringes. Hermione screams.]
Hermione: Help!
[Harry gets out his wand. He runs forward and grabs the troll's club and is lifted up.]
Harry: Whoa!
[He lands on the troll's shoulders and is hurled around back and forth. Harry's wand shoots up the troll's nose. The troll groans in disgust.]
Ron: Ew!
[Ron and Hermione were disgusted by Harry’s wand in the troll’s nose. The troll snorts, and whips around.]
Harry: Whoa, whoa-whoa!
[The troll gets Harry off his shoulders and is holding him by one leg, upside down.]
Harry: Do something!
[He gears up his club and swipes at Harry. He pulls himself up, then down.]
Ron: What?
Harry: Anything!
[The troll swipes at Harry again.]
Harry: Hurry up!
[Ron grabs his wand. Under the sink, Hermione waves her hand.]
Hermione: Swish and flick!
[Ron correctly punctuates the words.]
Ron: Wingardium Leviosa!
[Flick! The troll's club is lifted out of one of his hands and hovers above his head. The troll looks at his hand and opens it, then looks up, confused, just as the club comes crashing back down.]
Ron: Cool.
[It hits the troll's head and the troll wavers, then drops Harry, who crawls away, and slowly comes crashing down, knocked out. Hermione approaches carefully. Water spills out.]
Hermione: Is it dead?
Harry: I don't think so. Just knocked out.
[He bends down and grabs his wand which is covered in mucus.]
Harry: Ugh! Troll bogies.
[Harry wipes his wand on his robes. Suddenly, McGonagall, Snape and Quirrell come rushing in. They all gasp at the knocked out troll.]
Professor McGonagall: Oh! Oh, my goodness! Explain yourselves, both of you!
Ron and Harry: Well, what it is...
Hermione: It's my fault, Professor McGonagall.
[The teachers, Ron and Harry look at her.]
Professor McGonagall: Miss Granger?
Hermione: I went looking for the troll. I'd read about them and thought I could handle it. But I was wrong. If Harry and Ron hadn't come and found me, I'd probably be dead.
Professor McGonagall: Be that as it may, it was an extremely foolish thing to do.
[Harry notices Snape's leg, which has the trousers' leg torn and a large cut on it. Snape notices and covers it up, glaring at Harry.]
Professor McGonagall I would've expected more rational behavior on your part and am very disappointed in you, Miss Granger. Five points will be taken from Gryffindor for your serious lack of judgment.
[She turns to Harry and Ron.]
Professor McGonagall As for you two gentlemen, I just hope you realize how fortunate you are. Not many first-year students could take on a fully grown mountain troll and live to tell the tale. Five points will be awarded to each of you...
[Harry and Ron grin at each other.]
Professor McGonagall: ...for sheer dumb luck.
[Snape and McGonagall leave the bathroom.]
Professor Quirrell: Perhaps you ought to go. It m-might wake up. Heh.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione exit the bathroom. Quirrell looks at the unconscious troll. The troll growls, seemingly going to wake up.]
Professor Quirrell: Ahh! Hehe....
[The next morning, in the great hall. The gang is sitting, eating. Harry is twirling his food on a fork.]
Ron: Take a bit of toast, mate, go on.
Hermione: Ron's right, Harry. You're gonna need your strength today.
Harry: I'm not hungry.
[Snape appears at the table.]
Professor Snape: Good luck today, Potter. Then again, now that you've proven yourself against a troll, a little game of Quidditch should be easy work for you. Even if it is against Slytherin.
[Snape walks off, limping. Harry notices this.]
Harry: That explains the blood.
[Hermione turns to Harry.]
Hermione: Blood?
Harry: Listen, last night, I'm guessing Snape let the troll in as a diversion so he could try and get past that 3 headed dog. But, he got himself bitten, that's why he's limping.
Hermione: But why would anyone go near that dog?
Harry: The day I was at Gringotts, Hagrid took something out of one of the vaults. He said it was Hogwarts' business, very secret.
Hermione: So you're saying...
Harry: That's what the dog's guarding. That's what Snape wants.
[Hedwig screeches as she enters the Great Hall. They turn at the sight of the sound. She is carrying a very large, long parcel. She drops it off at the table.]
Hermione: Bit early for mail, isn't it?
Harry: But I, I never get mail.
Ron: Let's open it.
[They open it to reveal a broomstick.]
Harry: It's a broomstick!
Ron: Thats not just any broomstick, Harry.
[He recognizes the model.]
Ron: It's a Nimbus 2000!
Harry: But who...?
[He notices Professor McGonagall up at the head table, stroking Hedwig. She smiles and Harry nods. Later on, inside a Quidditch tower, the Gryffindor team is marching toward the starting gate. They reach it and stop, behind a closed double door.]
Oliver: Scared, Harry?
Harry: A little.
Oliver: That's all right. I felt the same way before my first game.
Harry: What happened?
Oliver: Er, I don't really remember. I took a Bludger to the head two minutes in. Woke up in the hospital a week later.
[Harry gulps and looks straight ahead as the doors open. They mount their brooms and zoom out onto the enormous pitch. There is cheering. Lee Jordan, the Quidditch commentator is announcing from a tower.]
Lee: Hello! And welcome to Hogwarts' first Quidditch game of the season! Today's game, Slytherin vs. Gryffindor!
[There is a close-up of Gryffindor and Slytherin students cheering.]
Neville: Gryffindor!
[The players take their positions in the air in a circle. Harry weaves in, highest amongst. He looks down.]
Lee: The players take their positions as Madam Hooch steps out onto the field to begin the game!
Madam Hooch: Now, I want a nice, clean game from all of you!
[She looks at Slytherin. She kicks the trunk, and the Bludgers zoom out.]
Lee: The Bludgers are up, followed by the Golden Snitch. Remember, the Snitch is worth 150 points. The Seeker who catches the Snitch ends the game.
[The Snitch zooms around each Seeker's head, then disappears. Hooch grabs the Quaffle.]
Lee: The Quaffle is released and the game begins!
[Gryffindor takes possession of the ball and a chaser, Angelia Johnson, zooms past the people and the Slytherins towards their goal, and throws the ball, and scores! There is a ding.]
Lee: Angelina Johnson scores! 10 points for Gryffindor!
[He presses a button and a 10 shows up beside a plaque with Gryffindor's name. Harry, in the air, claps.]
Harry: Yes!
[A Bludger suddenly zooms by him.]
Harry: Whoa!
[In the stands, Gryffindor cheers.]
Hagrid: Well done!
[The camera pans on people.]
Lee: Slytherin takes possession of the Quaffle. Bletchley passes to Captain Marcus Flint.
[Flint dodges people and balls and throws for the Gryffindor hoops. Oliver appears and whacks the ball away with his broom. He smirks at Flint, who glares. Johnson and Katie Bell pass the Quaffle back and forth as they strategize to score. Johnson takes it, throws, and once again scores!]
Ron and Seamus: Yay!
Harry: Yes!
Lee: Another 10 points to Gryffindor!
[He adds another 10 to the score with a ding.]
Gryffindors: Yay!
[The Slytherins decide to get messy. They dodge, kick, and try to score. Once again, Oliver blocks.]
Flint: Give me that!
[He grabs a beaters bat from one and whacks a Bludger right at Oliver. It hits Oliver directly in the stomach and he plummets to the ground, knocked out. This causes the entire audience to boo; Harry is visibly upset as the Slytherins laugh. The Slytherin members head off. One jumps over George (or Fred) and scores. The Slytherin score. Lee adds 10 points in the plaque with Slytherin's name. Harry is upset again. Slytherin cheers. Flint tells the teammates to take sides.]
Flint: Take that side!
[They box Johnson in and sent her into the capes covering one of the towers. She falls down in and is out. The crowd boos. The staff at Hogwarts stands up. Flint dodges balls and whacks the ball with his broom. Slytherin scores once again and cheer. Gryffindor reacts sad. Lee adds another 10 points in the plaque with Slytherin's name. We see the score 20-20. Harry sees the players zooming around. Suddenly, Harry sees the Snitch. He starts to head off after it and then suddenly his broom starts bucking and turning.]
Harry: Whoa! Whooa!
Hagrid: What's going on with Harry's broomstick?
[Hermione looks through binoculars at Harry, then at Snape, who is visibly muttering.]
Hermione: It's Snape! He's jinxing the broom!
Ron: Jinxing the broom? What do we do?
Hermione: Leave it to me.
[She hands Ron her binoculars and leaves the stands. Harry is knocked and thrown around, then falls, dangling by one arm from the broom. Ron is concerned. The crowd mutters.]
Ron: Come on, Hermione!
[Hermione is hurrying up in the tower structures. She appears underneath Snape and touches his cloak with her wand. Hermione speaks quietly.]
Hermione: Lacarnum Inflamarae.
[A spark ignites, and Snape's cloak catches fire. Hermione quickly leaves.]
Man: Fire! You're on fire!
Professor Snape: What? Oh!
[He knocks the man back, who falls into Quirrell, who then also falls. Snape bats out the fire and acts as though nothing happened. The broom stops bucking, and Harry climbs back on. The Slytherin seeker is after the Snitch. Harry takes off.]
Ron: Go!
Hagrid: Go, go, go!
[Harry rams Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs, then is butted out. He returns, smashing into Higgs again as the Snitch dives. The boys follow, but they approach the ground quickly. Higgs backs out, and Harry pulls up his broom as he follows the Snitch, feet above the ground. Harry stands up, and steps forward, trying to grab the ball. He goes too far and topples off the broom with a yelp, tumbling on the ground. He gets up and lurches. The crowd gasps. Hermione appears beside a tower to see.]
Hagrid: Looks like 'e's gonna be sick!
[Harry lurches, and the Snitch pops out of his mouth. It lands in his hands.]
Lee: He's got the Snitch! Harry Potter receives 150 points for catching the Snitch!
[Madam Hooch blows her whistle whilst riding on her broomstick.]
Madam Hooch: Gryffindor wins!
[The crowd cheers in joy including Gryffindor. Malfoy is dismayed.]
Malfoy: No!
Hagrid: Yes!
Hermione: Whoo-hoo!
[McGonagall giggles happily. Harry raises the Snitch into the air, and the crowd, and his team, cheer.]
Crowd: Go, go, Gryffindor! Go, go, Gryffindor! Go, go, Gryffindor! Go, go, Gryffindor!
[Harry, Hermione and Ron are walking along a path with Hagrid, talking.]
Hagrid: Nonsense! Why would Snape put a curse on Harry's broom?
Harry: Who knows? Why was he trying to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween?
[Hagrid turns to them, suspiciously.]
Hagrid: Who told you about Fluffy?
Ron: Fluffy?
Hermione: That thing has a name?
Hagrid: Well, of course he's got a name. He's mine. I bought him off an Irish feller I met down at the pub last year. Then I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the...
Harry: Yes?
Hagrid: Shouldn't have said that. No more questions! Don't ask any more questions. That's top secret, that is.
Harry: But, Hagrid, whatever Fluffy's guarding, Snape's trying to steal it.
Hagrid: Codswallop. Professor Snape is a Hogwarts teacher.
Hermione: Hogwarts teacher or not, I know a spell when I see one. I've read all about them. You've got to keep eye contact and Snape wasn't blinking.
Harry: Exactly.
[Hagrid sighs.]
Hagrid: Now, you listen to me, all three of yeh. Yer meddlin’ in things that ought not to be meddled in. It's dangerous. What that dog is guarding is strictly between Professor Dumbledore and Nicholas Flamel.
[Harry is curious and turns to Ron then back to Hagrid.]
Harry: Nicholas Flamel?
[Hagrid mumbles to himself.]
Hagrid: I shouldn't have said that. I should not have said that.
[He then leaves, mumbling to himself "I should have not said that."]
Harry: Nicholas Flamel.
[He turns to Hermione.]
Harry: Who's Nicholas Flamel?
Hermione: I don't know.
[She shakes her head. It is now Christmas at Hogwarts, with snow falling. Hagrid is dragging a massive Christmas tree to the castle. Hermione walks to the Great Hall entrance with her luggage and wearing a scarf as the ghosts are singing Christmas songs.]
Ghosts: Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Ring the Hogwarts bell. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas...
[Hermione looks from the massive Christmas tree as Flitwick uses his wand to put another ornament on the tree to Harry and Ron as they play Chess and walks towards them. Students are leaving Hogwarts and enjoying their time off.]
Harry: Knight to E5.
[The Knight moves to its destination. Hermione walks up behind Harry. Ron speaks with a smug face.]
Ron: Queen to E5.
[Hermione watches as Ron's queen goes over to Harry's knight and whacks the knight with her chair. Ron grins. Hermione says something with a shocked face.]
Hermione: That's totally barbaric!
Ron: That's wizard's chess.
[Ron looks over to Hermione.]
Ron: I see you've packed.
Hermione: I see you haven't.
Ron: Change of plans, my parents decided to go to Romania to visit my brother, Charlie. He's studying dragons there.
Hermione: Good. You can help Harry, then. He's going to go and look in the library for information on Nicholas Flamel.
Ron: We've looked a hundred times!
[Hermione leans over on the table closer to Ron and Harry.]
Hermione: Not in the restricted section. Happy Christmas.
[Hermione leaves Ron and Harry. Ron looks at Harry.]
Ron: I think we've had a bad influence on her.
[It is now Christmas morning. Ron is waking Harry up. Ron calls from downstairs.]
Ron: Harry, wake up! Come on, Harry, wake up!
[Harry puts on his glasses and runs out of bed. He then looks down at Ron. Ron looks up at Harry.]
Ron: Happy Christmas, Harry.
Harry: Happy Christmas, Ron.
[Harry notices Ron's sweater.]
Harry: What are you wearing?
[Ron looks down at the sweater.]
Ron: Oh. My mum made it.
[He looks back up at Harry.]
Ron: It looks like you've got one too.
Harry: I-I've got presents?
[Ron nods.]
Ron: Yeah!
[Harry runs down the staircase to see his presents.]
Ron: There they are.
[Harry sees a note on the present and opens it, reading it out.]
Harry: Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well.
[Harry looks over to Ron, who shrugs his shoulders. He then proceeds to open the remaining of his present. He pulls out a blanket-like object.]
Ron: What is it?
[Harry looks down at the object.]
Harry: It's some kind of cloak.
Ron: Well, let's see, then. Put it on.
[Harry then wraps the cloak around his shoulders, making his body invisible.]
Ron: Whoa!
[Harry looks down at his invisible body.]
Harry: My body's gone!
Ron: I know what that is. That's an invisibility cloak!
Harry: I'm invisible?
[Harry spins around, looking down at himself.]
Ron: They're really rare.
[Ron looks down at the note.]
Ron: I wonder who gave it to you.
[Harry also looks down at the note.]
Harry: There was no name. It just said, use it well.
[Late that night, a lantern and hand appear, but nothing else. The ensemble walks through the dark library and into the Restricted Section. Harry unlocks the door and enters. Harry searches the bookshelves for books, whispering.]
Harry: Famous fire eaters. 15th-Century Fiends. Flamel. Nicholas Flamel. Where are you?
[Harry removes the cloak, looks for a book, puts the lamp down, picks up a book and opens it. A man's face appears from between the pages, which screams madly and loudly. Harry immediately slams the book shut and puts it back.]
Filch: Who's there?!
[Harry whips around and quickly grabs his cloak, causing the lamp to fall and shatter.]
Filch: I know you're in there. You can't hide.
[Harry puts on his cloak and creeps around Filch.]
Filch: Who is it? Show yourself!
[Harry runs from the room, breathing heavily and backing away. Filch walks away. He exits into the hall, where Mrs. Norris, who meows and begins to follow him. The door opens. Harry runs around a corner, just as Snape and Quirrell appear. Snape pushes Quirrell into the wall.]
Quirrell: Severus, I-I thought...
Snape: You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell.
Quirrell: I don't know w-what you m-mean.
Snape: You know perfectly well what I mean.
[Snape senses something who causes Harry to stop breathing. Snape reaches out to grab something but doesn't. He whips his finger back in front of Quirrell's face.]
Snape: We'll have another chat soon. When you've had time to decide where your loyalties lie.
[Filch arrives, carrying the broken lantern.]
Filch: Oh, Professors. I found this in the Restricted Section. It's still hot. That means there's a student out of bed.
[Upon hearing this, Snape and Quirrell dart off. A door opens and then it closes. On the other side, there is a vast, empty room that has a large mirror in the center known as the Mirror of Erised. Harry appears and walks over to the mirror. He sees words engraved on top of the mirror. In the reflection, he sees two people appear who are Harry's late parents, James and Lily Potter.]
Harry: Mum?
[Lily nods and smiles.]
Harry: Dad?
[James nods and smiles. Harry reaches out to touch them but only gets the mirror. Then, his mother puts her hand on his shoulder. He puts his own hand on his own shoulders, as if trying to feel her there. Back in the boys’ dormitory in Gryffindor tower, Harry comes whipping in, invisible.]
Harry: Ron, you've really gotta see this! Ron, you've gotta see this!
[He pulls back covers. Ron wakes up.]
Harry: Ron, Ron, come on, get out of bed!
[Ron looks groggily.]
Ron: Why?
Harry: There's something you've gotta see. Now, come on!
[Back in the room. Harry and Ron appear as if magically and Harry runs to the mirror.]
Harry: Come on! Come! Come look, it's my parents!
Ron: I only see us.
[Harry moves over.]
Harry: Look in properly. Go on, stand there. There. You see them, don't you? That's my dad.
Ron: That's me! Only I'm head boy. And I'm holding the Quidditch cup. And bloody hell! I'm Quidditch Captain too! I look good. Harry, do you think this mirror shows the future?
Harry: How can it? Both my parents are dead.
[Harry smiles sadly. The next night, Harry is back in the room where the mirror is, gazing longingly at the reflection where his parents are in. Dumbledore appears far behind him.]
Dumbledore: Back again, Harry?
[Harry turns around and stands up.]
Dumbledore: I see that you, like so many before you have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I trust by now you realize what it does.
[He walks up to Harry.]
Dumbledore: Let me give you a clue. The happiest man on earth would look into the mirror and see only himself, exactly as he is.
Harry: So then, it shows us what we want. Whatever we want.
[Dumbledore looks at the mirror.]
Dumbledore: Yes. And no. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest most desperate desires of our hearts. Now you, Harry, who have never known your family, you see them standing beside you. But remember this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away in front of it. Even gone mad. That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home. And I must ask you not to go looking for it again. It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live.
[Harry looks back at the mirror, knowing that Dumbledore is right. It is snowy in daytime, Harry is out in a main courtyard, bundled up, with Hedwig on his arm. He stops and she lifts off, soaring away into the sky. As the time passed when she returns, it is now spring time. In the library, Harry and Ron are seated, reading until Hermione comes up with a huge book and thumps it onto the table making Harry jump.]
Hermione: I had you looking in the wrong section. How could I be so stupid? I checked this out a few weeks ago for a bit of light reading.
[Hermione sits down and flips through pages.]
Ron: This is light?
Hermione: Of course! Here it is!
[She reads the description in the page.]
Hermione: Nicholas Flamel is the only known maker of the Philosopher's Stone.
Ron and Harry: The what?
Hermione: Honestly, don't you two read? The Philosopher's Stone is a legendary substance with astonishing powers. It'll transform any metal into pure gold and produces the Elixir of Life which will make the drinker immortal.
Ron: Immortal?
Hermione: It means you'll never die.
Ron: I know what it means!
[Hermione glares at him.]
Harry: Shh!
Hermione: The only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicholas Flamel, the noted alchemist who last year celebrated his 665th birthday. That's what Fluffy's guarding on the 3rd floor. That's what's under the trapdoor. The Philosopher's Stone.
[They all look at each other in concern. It is nighttime in the castle grounds, and Hermione, Ron, and Harry are running across to Hagrid's hut. They knock on the door and Hagrid, who is wearing an apron and oven mitts, opens it from the inside.]
Harry: Hagrid!
Hagrid: Oh, hello, sorry, don't wish to be rude, but I'm in no fit state to entertain today.
[He begins to close the door.]
All three: We know about the Philosopher's Stone!
[Hagrid opens the door again.]
Hagrid: Oh.
[They all come into Hagrid's hut.]
Harry: We think Snape's trying to steal it.
Hagrid: Snape? Blimey, yer not still on about him, are yeh?
Harry: Hagrid, we know he's after the Stone. We just don't know why.
Hagrid: Snape is one of the teachers protectin’ the Stone. He's not about to steal it.
Harry: What?
Hagrid: You heard. Right. Come on, now, I'm a bit preoccupied today.
Harry: Wait a minute.
[Ron soon sees Hagrid's boarhound Fang, who sniffs him.]
Harry: One of the teachers?
[Hermione sits in a large chair.]
Hermione: Of course! There are other things defending the Stone, aren't there? Spells, enchantments.
Hagrid: That's right. Waste of bloody time, if yeh ask me.
[Hermione looks at Ron, who is still being sniffed in the face by Fang. Finally Ron shuffles away.]
Hagrid: Ain't no one gonna get past Fluffy. Hehe. Ain't a soul knows how, except for me and Dumbledore. I shouldn't have told you that. I should not have told you that.
[A cauldron over a fire begins to rattle.]
Hagrid: Oh!
[Hagrid hurries over and grabs something.]
Hagrid: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
[He places it on the table. It was an egg. The group crowds around.]
Harry: Uh, Hagrid, what exactly is that?
Hagrid: That? It's a... it's, um...
Ron: I know what that is! But, Hagrid, how did you get one?
Hagrid: I won it. Off a stranger I met down at a pub. Seemed quite glad to be rid of it, as a matter of fact.
[The egg rattles and cracks open as pieces fly off; a small baby dragon emerges. It squeaks and slips on an egg piece.]
Hermione: Is that a dragon?
Ron: That's not just a dragon. That's a Norwegian Ridgeback. My brother Charlie works with these in Romania.
Hagrid: Isn't he beautiful? Oh, bless him. Look, he knows his mummy. Hehehe. Hallo, Norbert.
[Norbert squeaks as it looks at Hagrid.]
Harry: Norbert?
Hagrid: Yeah, well, he's gotta have a name, don't he?
[Ron laughs.]
Hagrid: Don't you, Norbert?
[He raises fingers back and forth across Norbert's chin.]
Hagrid: Dededede.
[Norbert backs away, until he hiccups and blast a small fireball into Hagrid's beard.]
Hagrid: Ohh!
[he quickly pats out the smolders in his beard.]
Hagrid: Oooh, ooh, ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo! Ooh, well, he'll have to be trained up a bit, of course. Heh.
[Norbert hiccups. Hagrid sees someone looking in the window.]
Hagrid: Who's that?
[It turns out to be Draco Malfoy, who scampers away.]
Harry: Malfoy.
Hagrid: Oh, dear.
[Harry, Ron, and Hermione are walking back through a corridor as an owl screeches.]
Harry: Hagrid always wanted a dragon. He told me so the first time I ever met him.
Ron: It's crazy. And worse, Malfoy knows.
[McGonagall, in her nightgown, appears, sternly, holding a candlestick.]
Harry: I don't understand. Is that bad?
Ron: It's bad.
[They stop and see McGonagall.]
McGonagall: Good evening.
[Malfoy appears smugly beside her. Inside McGonagall's classroom, the three are now standing in front of McGonagall's desk, while Malfoy is feet away, smirking. McGonagall is stern.]
McGonagall: Nothing, I repeat, nothing gives a student the right to walk about the school at night. Therefore, as punishment for your actions, 50 points will be taken.
Harry: 50?!
McGonagall: Each.
[Harry gasps.]
McGonagall: And to ensure it doesn't happen again, all four of you will receive detention.
[Malfoy nods, then his smile vanishes with great concern. He steps forward.]
Malfoy: Excuse me, Professor, perhaps I heard you wrong. I thought you said the four of us.
McGonagall: No, you heard me correctly, Mr. Malfoy. You see, honorable as your intentions were, you too were out of bed after hours. You will join your classmates in detention.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione grin, as Malfoy sags, knowing that the tables have turned. The next night, Harry, Ron, Hermione and Malfoy are being led to Hagrid's hut by Filch.]
Filch: A pity they let the old punishments die. There was a time detention would find you hanging by your thumbs in the dungeons. God, I miss the screaming.
[Malfoy gulps, and Hermione rushes by. Hagrid opens the door and appears.]
Filch: You'll be serving detention with Hagrid tonight. He's got a little job to do inside the Dark Forest.
[Hagrid appears with a crossbow. He sniffles.]
Filch: A sorry lot, this, Hagrid. Oh, good God, man, you're not still on about that bloody dragon, are you?
[Hagrid sniffs and sighs.]
Hagrid: Norbert's gone. Dumbledore sent him off to Romania to live in a colony.
Hermione: Well, that's good, isn't it? He'll be with his own kind.
Hagrid: Yeah, but what if he don't like Romania?
[Filch rolls his eyes.]
Hagrid: What if the other dragons are mean to him? He's only a baby, after all.
Filch: Oh, for God's sake, pull yourself together, man. You're going into the Forest, after all. Got to have your wits about you.
Malfoy: The Forest? I thought that was a joke! We can't go in there. Students aren't allowed. And there are...
[A howl sounds.]
Malfoy: ...werewolves!
Filch: There's more than werewolves in those trees, lad. You can be sure of that.
[Malfoy looks frightened.]
Filch: Nighty-night.
[He leaves to go back into the castle.]
Hagrid: Right. Let's go.
[In the Forbidden Forest, the group walks along a path to a tree. Hagrid stops, bends down and dips his fingers in a silver puddle. He pulls out his fingers and rubs them together. A silver trail smears with his fingers.]
Harry: Hagrid, what is that?
Hagrid: What we're here for. See that? That's unicorn's blood, that is. I found one dead a few weeks ago. Now, this one's been hurt bad by somethin’.
[Harry suddenly sees a large, cloaked figure walking through the trees. He looks at Hagrid.]
Hagrid: So, it's our job to go and find the poor beast. Ron, Hermione, you'll come with me.
Ron: Okay.
Hagrid: And Harry, you'll go with Malfoy.
[Malfoy grimaces, and Harry nods.]
Malfoy: Okay. Then I get Fang.
Hagrid: Fine. Just so’s ya know, he's a bloody coward.
[Fang whines. Harry and Malfoy are walking through a part of the forest, with Fang leading. Malfoy has the lamp in his hand.]
Malfoy: You wait till my father hears about this. This is servant's stuff.
Harry: If I didn't know better, Draco, I'd say you were scared.
Malfoy: Scared, Potter?
[He scoffs, but suddenly hears a howl.]
Malfoy: Did you hear that? Come on, Fang. Scared!
[Harry and Malfoy approach a flat ground with gnarled roots all over. Fang stops, then growls.]
Harry: What is it, Fang?
[Up ahead is a cloaked figure who is crouching over a dead unicorn, drinking its blood from its wound. The figure raises its head, silver blood dripping from its mouth. Harry gasps and grabs his scar, which is hurting. Malfoy screams with pure fear and runs away with Fang.]
Malfoy: HELP!!!!!
[Harry is left by himself at the mercy of the figure who slides over the unicorn and rises erect. It advances towards Harry, who backs up, but trips. He crawls backwards. Suddenly, there is the sound of hoof-beats. A figure leaps over Harry and lands near the cloaked figure. It is a silver centaur called Firenze. He rears, and the cloaked figure retreats, flying away. Harry stands as Firenze comes.]
Firenze: Harry Potter, you must leave. You are known to many creatures here. The Forest is not safe at this time. Especially for you.
Harry: But what was that thing you saved me from?
Firenze: A monstrous creature. It is a terrible crime to slay a unicorn. Drinking the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive even if you are an inch from death. But at a terrible price. You have slain something so pure that from the moment the blood touches your lips, you will have a half-life. A cursed life.
Harry: But who would choose such a life?
Firenze: Can you think of no one?
Harry: Do you mean to say that thing that killed the unicorn that was drinking its blood, that was Voldemort?
Firenze: Do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment, Mr. Potter?
[Harry realizes.]
Harry: The Philosopher's Stone.
[Fang suddenly barks and Harry looks up to see Hagrid, Hermione, Ron and Malfoy appear. Hagrid has his crossbow ready but lowers it when he sees Firenze.]
Hermione: Harry!
Hagrid: Hello there, Firenze. I see you've met our young Mr. Potter. You all right there, Harry?
[Harry nods.]
Firenze: Harry Potter, this is where I leave you. You're safe now. Good luck.
[He leaves as the group look at the dead unicorn. Hermione, Harry, and Ron meet in the Common Room]
Hermione: You mean You-Know-Who's out there right now in the Forest?
Harry: But he's weak. He's living off the unicorns. Don't you see? We had it wrong. Snape doesn't want the Stone for himself. He wants the Stone for Voldemort. With the Elixir of Life, Voldemort will be strong again. He'll, he'll come back.
Ron: But if he comes back, you don't think he'll try to kill you, do you?
Harry: I think if he'd had the chance, he might have tried to kill me tonight.
[Ron gulps.]
Ron: And to think, I've been worrying about my Potions final.
Hermione: Hang on a minute.
[Harry and Ron both glance at her.]
Hermione: We're forgetting one thing. Who's the one wizard Voldemort always feared? Dumbledore. As long as Dumbledore is around, Harry, you're safe. As long as Dumbledore is around, you can't be touched.
[She gives him a reassuring smile; he nods. Later all the students are rushing out as they finish their exams.]
Hermione: I'd always heard Hogwarts' end-of-the-year exams were frightful, but I've found that rather enjoyable.
Ron: Speak for yourself. All right there, Harry?
[We see Harry walking next to the two rubbing his forehead right where the scar is.]
Harry: My scar. It keeps burning.
Hermione: It's happened before.
Harry: Not like this.
Ron: Perhaps you should see the nurse.
Harry: I think it's a warning. It means danger's coming.
[A look of realization.]
Harry: Ah. Oh! Of course!
[Harry starts walking faster making Hermione and Ron speed up to catch him.]
Hermione: What is it?
Harry: Don't you think it's a bit odd that what Hagrid wants more than anything is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have one? I mean, how many people wander around with dragon eggs in their pocket? Why didn't I see it before?
[They approach Hagrid's hut. Hagrid is sitting outside playing Hedwig’s Theme on his flute.]
Harry: Hagrid...
[Hagrid stops playing.]
Harry: ...who gave you the dragon egg? What did he look like?
Hagrid: I dunno. I never saw his face. He kept his hood up.
Harry: This stranger, though, you and he must have talked.
Hagrid: Well, he wanted to know what sort of creatures I looked after. I told 'im. I said, After Fluffy, a dragon's gonna be no problem.
Harry: Did he seem interested in Fluffy?
Hagrid: Well, o' course he was interested in Fluffy. How often do ya come across a three-headed dog, even if yer in the trade? But I told 'im. I said... I said, The trick with any beast is to know how to calm 'im. Take Fluffy, for example. Jus' play him a bit o' music and he falls straight to sleep. I shouldn't have told you that.
[The Trio runs off.]
Hagrid: Where're you goin'? Wait?
[Harry, Hermione, and Ron run into the Transfiguration classroom to talk to McGonagall.]
Harry; We have to see Professor Dumbledore, immediately!
McGonagall: I'm afraid Professor Dumbledore is not here. He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and left immediately for London.
Harry: He’s gone? Now? But this is important! This is about the Philosopher's Stone!
[McGonagall looks shocked.]
McGonagall: How do you know...?
Harry: Someone's going to try to steal it!
McGonagall: I don't know how you three found out about the Stone, but I assure you it is perfectly well protected. Now would you go back to your dormitories? Quietly.
[The three of them leave the classroom talking to each other.]
Harry: That was no stranger Hagrid met in the village. It was Snape. Which means he knows how to get past Fluffy.
[Snape sneaks up behind them]
Hermione: And with Dumbledore gone...
Snape: Good afternoon.
[The three of them jump and quickly turn around.]
Snape: Now, what would three young Gryffindors such as yourselves be doing inside on a day like this?
Hermione: Uh, w-w-w... we-we were just-
Snape: You ought to be careful. People will think you're up to something.
[He walks away.]
Hermione: Now what do we do?
[Harry gives a determined look.]
Harry: We go down the trapdoor. Tonight.
[At nighttime, in the Gryffindor Common Room, the three friends come down the stairs and begin to walk across the floor. They stop when they hear a croaking noise. It’s Trevor, Neville’s toad.]
Harry: Trevor.
Ron: Trevor, shh, go! You shouldn't be here!
[Neville appears behind a chair and stands.]
Neville: Neither should you. You're sneaking out again, aren't you?
Harry: Now, Neville, listen. We were-
Neville: No! I won't let you! You'll get Gryffindor into trouble again! I-I'll fight you.
[Neville holds out his fists.]
Hermione": Neville, I'm really, really sorry about this.
[She takes out wand.]
Hermione: Petrificus Totalus.
[Neville is frozen for a second and he falls backward onto the ground. Hermione puts her wand back. Ron gulps.]
Ron: You're a little scary sometimes, you know that? Brilliant, but scary.
Harry: Let's go.
[They walk by Neville.]
Harry: Sorry.
Hermione: Sorry.
Ron: It's for your own good, y’know.
[The three are under the Invisibility cloak, sneaking along the corridor.]
Hermione: Ow! You stood on my foot!
Ron: Sorry.
[A flame lights up. Hermione draws out her wand and points it at the door.]
Hermione: Alohomora.
[The door opens as the three friends step inside. Fluffy is sleeping as the harp plays.]
Ron: Wait a minute. He's....
[A blow of air, and the cape flutters off them.]
Ron: Snoring.
Harry: Snape's already been here. He's put a spell on the harp.
[They approach the sleeping dog.]
Ron: Ugh! It's got horrible breath.
Harry: We have to move its paw.
Ron: What?!
Harry: Come on!
[They grab the paw blocking the door.]
Harry: Okay. Push!
[They strain and move it. They step back and open the door.]
Harry: I'll go first. Don't follow until I give you a sign.
[Fluffy's eyes open.]
Harry: If something bad happens, get yourselves out. Does it seem a bit quiet to you?
[Fluffy appears and drool from one head comes down on Ron's shoulder.]
Hermione: The harp. It stopped playing.
Ron: Ew! Yuck! Ugh.
[All three kids look up and see Fluffy standing there. Fluffy barks and growls, thrashing. He breaks the harp and dives at the three.]
Harry: Jump! Go!
[They all jump through the trapdoor to escape Fluffy.]
Ron: Ahh!
[He gasps as he lands on some mushy black rope-like vines.]
Ron: Whoa. Lucky this plant-thing's here, really.
Harry: Whoa!
[The plant begins to move towards them.]
Harry: Oh. Ahh!
[The plant ties them all up like a rope.]
Hermione: Stop moving, both of you. This is Devil's Snare. You have to relax. If you don't, it will only kill you faster.
Ron: Kill us faster?! Oh, now I can relax!
[Hermione gives Ron a sarcastic look as she is sucked down below.]
Ron/Harry: Hermione!
Ron: Now what are we gonna do?!
Hermione: Just relax!
Harry: Hermione, where are you?
[Hermione tells from below.]
Hermione: Do what I say! Trust me.
[Harry relaxes and is sucked through.]
Ron: Ahh! Harry!
[Harry falls through and lands on the hard ground. Hermione goes over to him and he stands up.]
Ron: Harry!
Hermione: Are you okay?
Harry: Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
Ron: Help!
Hermione: He's not relaxing, is he?
Harry: Apparently not.
Ron: Help! Help me!
Hermione: We've gotta do something!
Harry: What?
Hermione: Uh! I remember reading something in Herbology.
Ron: Help!
Hermione: Um, Devil's Snare, Devil's Scare...
[The snare shuts Ron's mouth.]
Hermione: ...it's deadly fun, but will sulk in the sun! That's it! Devil's Snare hates sunlight!
[She takes out wand and points upwards.]
Hermione: Lumus Solem!
[A beam of light shoots out. The Snare shrieks and recoils. Ron falls below.]
Ron: Ahhh!
Harry: Ron, are you okay?
Ron: Yeah.
Harry: Okay.
[Ron stands.]
Ron: Whew! Lucky we didn't panic.
Harry: Lucky Hermione pays attention in Herbology.
[There is a sound.]
Hermione: What is that?
Harry: I don't know. Sounds like wings.
[They enter into a room filled with golden "birds."]
Hermione: Curious. I've never seen birds like these.
Harry: They're not birds. They're keys. And I'll bet one of them fits that door.
[They come upon a broomstick, suspended in the air.]
Hermione: What's this all about?
Harry: I don't know. Strange.
[Ron creeps over to the door and takes out his wand. Ron rattles lock.]
Ron: Alohomora!
[He shrugs.]
Ron: Well, it was worth a try.
[Hermione reacts in frustration.]
Hermione: Ugh! What're we going to do? There must be a thousand keys up there!
Ron: We're looking for a big old fashioned one. Probably rusty like the handle.
[Harry points.]
Harry: There! I see it! The one with the broken wing.
[He looks at the broom.]
Hermione: What's wrong, Harry?
Harry: It's too simple.
Ron: Oh, go on, Harry! If Snape can catch it on that old broomstick, you can! You're the youngest Seeker in a century!
[Harry nods and grabs the broomstick. All the keys suddenly go one direction, right at Harry. He climbs on, swiping at them.]
Ron: This complicates things a bit.
[Harry pushes off into the air. He flies off, after the key. The others follow him. Harry grabs the key.]
Harry: Catch the key!
[He zooms by and throws the key to Hermione, who catches it and heads for the lock while Harry distracts the other keys. Hermione puts it in the lock.]
Ron: Hurry up!
[The door opens, and Hermione and Ron rush through, followed by Harry. They shut the door just as the keys slam up against it. They enter a dark room with broken pieces all around it.]
Hermione: I don't like this. I don't like this at all.
Harry: Where are we? A graveyard?
Ron: This is no graveyard.
[He sighs.]
Ron: It's a chessboard.
[He walks out onto the marble board and flames light, illuminating the board and GIANT players. Harry and Hermione come up with him.]
Harry: There's the door.
[They walk across the board, towards the door. Suddenly, as they reach a line of pawns, the pawns bring up their swords. The three jump and back up.]
Hermione: Now what do we do?
Ron: It's obvious, isn't it? We've gotta play our way across the room. Alright. Harry, you take the empty Bishop's square. Hermione, you'll be the Queen-side castle. As for me, I'll be a knight.
[They all take their places.]
Hermione: What happens now?
[Ron is aboard a horse.]
Ron: Well, white moves first. And then, we play.
[A pawn on the other side moves forward. Ron studies the game.]
Hermione: Ron, you don't suppose this is going to be like real wizard's chess, do you?
Ron: You there, D5.
[A black pawn moves forward, diagonal to the white pawn. The white pawn raises its swords and smashes the black one. The three jump.]
Ron: Yes, Hermione. I think this is gonna be exactly like wizard chess.
[The game continues. The pieces smash against each other. Boom! Boom!]
Ron: Castle to E4!
[Smash!]
Ron: Pawn to C3!
[Smash! Boom! The Queen turns and smashes a piece! Harry, Ron, and Hermione wince.]
Contents
1 Sacrifice Play
2 The Man With Two Faces
3 Magic Touch
4 Mark of Love
5 House Cup Winner
6 Not Really Going Home
Sacrifice Play[]
[The Queen turns again. Both Ron and Harry study the game.]
Harry: Wait a minute.
Ron: You understand right, Harry. Once I make my move, the Queen will take me. Then you're free to check the King.
Harry: No. Ron, no!
Hermione: What is it?
Harry: He's going to sacrifice himself!
Hermione: No, Ron, you can't! [Ron closes his eyes.] There must be another way!
Ron: [turns to face Hermione.] Do you wanna stop Snape from gettin’ that Stone or not? Harry, it's you that has to go on. I know it. Not me. Not Hermione. You! [Harry nods.] Knight to H3.
[Ron's horse moves forward, slides and stops.]
Ron: Check.
[The Queen turns and advances. As she starts moving, Ron breathes faster clutching onto the steel reins. The Queen stops moving. And then... SMASH! The Queen uses her sword to bust the horse's hips. Ron goes flying off the horse and lands on the floor unconsciously. The knight's horse then falls to pieces.]
Ron: Ahhh!
Harry: RON! [Hermione starts walking to him.] No, don't move! Don't forget, we're still playing. [Hermione moves back. Harry walks diagonally in front of the King.] Checkmate. [The King's sword falls onto the ground in victory. Harry breathes out and then the two run to Ron. They bend beside him.] Take care of Ron. Then go to the Owlery. Send a message to Dumbledore. Ron's right. I have to go on.
Hermione: You'll be okay, Harry. You're a great wizard. You really are.
Harry: Not as good as you.
Hermione: [smile] Me? Books and cleverness? There are more important things. Friendship, and bravery. And Harry, just be careful.
[Harry nods and stands, walking away.]
The Man With Two Faces[]
[Harry walks down the stairs slowly. Halfway down, he winces, feeling his scar burning, and sees Professor Quirrell standing before the Mirror of Erised.]
Harry: You? [Quirrell turns to face him] No, i-it can't be. Snape, h-he was the one—
Quirrell: Yes, he does seem the type, doesn't he? Next to him, who would suspect p-p-p-poor, st-stuttering Professor Quirrell?
Harry: But-but that day, during the Quidditch match, Snape tried to kill me.
Quirrell: [smiling evilly] No, dear boy. I tried to kill you! [Harry eyes him in disbelief and confusion] And trust me, if Snape's cloak hadn't caught fire and broken my eye contact, I would have succeeded. Even with Snape muttering his little counter curse.
Harry: Snape was trying to save me?
Quirrell: I knew you were a danger to me right from the off. Especially after Halloween.
Harry: Then-then you let the troll in!
Quirrell: Very good, Potter, yes. Snape, unfortunately, wasn't fooled. While everyone else was running about the dungeon, he went to the third floor to head me off. He, of course, never trusted me again. [he turns towards the mirror again; Harry winces as his scar burns again] He rarely left me alone. But he doesn't understand. I'm never alone. Never. [staring into the mirror] Now, what does this mirror do? I see what I desire. I see myself holding the Stone. But how do I get it?
Voldemort (unseen): Use the boy. [Harry looks around, wondering where the voice is coming from]
Quirrell: [turns to Harry] Come here, Potter! Now! [Harry slowly walks down the stairs, towards Quirrell and the mirror] Tell me, what do you see? [Harry looks into the mirror, and for a few seconds, sees him standing next to Quirrell, then his reflection reaches into its pocket and pulls out a gleaming red ruby, the Philosopher’s/Sorcerer’s Stone; Harry stares in amazement as his reflection smiles and winks, then puts the stone back in its pocket; Harry feels his pocket and realizes the Stone really is in his pocket, then looks up again] What is it? [glances at Harry while speaking] What do you see?
Harry: [looks at Quirrell, then back at the mirror, determined not to let Quirrell know that he has the Stone] I-I'm shaking hands with Dumbledore. I've won the House Cup.
Voldemort (unseen): He lies.
Quirrell: [angrily shouting] Tell the truth! What do you see?
Voldemort (unseen): Let me speak to him.
Quirrell: [as Harry backs away] Master, you are not strong enough.
Voldemort (unseen): I have strength enough for this.
[Quirrell reaches up and starts unwrapping his turban as he turns so his back is to the mirror. Harry turns toward the staircase into the room, wondering whether he should try to escape, then turns towards Quirrell again. He is almost finished unwrapping his turban, save for a piece covering the back of his head. Finally, he removes the turban, revealing a scary-looking chalk white face. It was Voldemort. He cranes around and opens his eyes.]
Voldemort: Harry Potter, we meet again.
Harry: [realizing his identity] Voldemort.
Voldemort: Yes. You see what I've become? See what I must do to survive? Live off another. A mere parasite. Unicorn blood can sustain me, but it cannot give me a body of my own. But there is something that can. Something that, conveniently enough, lies in your pocket. [Realizing Voldemort is referring to the Philosopher's/Sorcerer’s Stone, Harry turns and runs back up the stairs.]
Magic Touch[]
Voldemort: Stop him! [Quirrell snaps his fingers, instantly causing fire walls to block all the exits, trapping Harry in the room] Don't be a fool. Why suffer a horrific death when you can join me and live?
Harry: [shakes his head] Never!
Voldemort: Haha. Bravery. Your parents had it too. Tell me, Harry, would you like to see your mother and father again? Together, we can bring them back. [In the mirror, James and Lily appear in the reflection.] All I ask for is something in return. [Harry takes the Stone from his pocket.] That's it, Harry. There is no good and evil. There is only power, and those too weak to seek it. Together, we'll do extraordinary things. Just give me the Stone! [James and Lily Potter fade from the reflection]
Harry: You liar!
Voldemort: Kill him!
[Under orders, Quirrell soars into the air and grabs hold of Harry with one hand on his throat. They fall to the steps, causing the Stone falls out of Harry's reach as Quirrell chokes him. Harry strains and squeaks. Suddenly, Harry puts his hand on Quirrell's hand in an attempt to get him off. Smoke furls from under his hand as Quirrell winces.]
Quirrell: Ahh! Ahh! [He backs up away from Harry. His hand is crumbling into ash and dust.] What is this magic? [His hand disintegrates]
Voldemort: Fool, get the Stone!
[Quirrell walks forward towards Harry, who then touches his face with his hands, causing Quirrell to scream in pain, and especially Voldemort to wince. Harry looks on horrified as Quirrell backs up with his face horrendously burned. Quirrell crumbles as he walks forward, turning his body completely in ash and dust, and falls to the floor, leaving only his clothing. Harry gasps, as he looks at his own hands and hurries over to the stone. He picks it up and sighs. However, from behind, dust clouds form from Quirrell's corpse, causing Harry to turn around as the dust clouds with Voldemort's face rushes forward screaming and goes through Harry who also screams. Voldemort flies away, as Harry falls to the ground, unconscious. He holds the Stone in an outstretched hand.]
Mark of Love[]
[In the hospital wing the next day, Harry is lying in bed with his arm bandaged. He awakens, puts on his glasses, and sits up. There are cards and candy all over. Dumbledore approaches him.]
Dumbledore: Good afternoon, Harry. Ah. Tokens from your admirers?
Harry: Admirers?
Dumbledore: What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret. So, naturally, the whole school knows. [They both smile.] Ah, I see your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of opening your Chocolate Frogs.
Harry: Ron was here? Is he all right? What about Hermione?
Dumbledore: Fine. They're both just fine.
Harry: But what happened to the Stone?
Dumbledore: Relax, dear boy. The Stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicholas and I had a little chat and agreed it was best all around.
Harry: But then, Flamel, he'll die, won't he?
Dumbledore: [sits on the bed.] He has enough Elixir to set his affairs in order. But yes, he will die.
Harry: How is it I got the Stone, sir? One minute I was staring in the mirror, and the next...
Dumbledore: Ah. You see, only a person who wanted to find the Stone, find it, but not use it, would be able to get it. That is one of my more brilliant ideas. And between you and me that is saying something.
Harry: Does that mean, with the Stone gone, that is, that Voldemort can never come back?
Dumbledore: Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return. Harry, do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him? [Harry shakes his head.] It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you. And that kind of act leaves a mark. [Harry touches his scar.] No, no, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin.
Harry: What is it?
Dumbledore: Love, Harry. Love. [Pats Harry's head gently and stands up.] Ah. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit-flavored
one. And since then, I'm afraid I've lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee. [takes brown bean and eats it.] Mm. Alas! Earwax.
House Cup Winner[]
[Harry with his arm still bandaged enters a corridor where up on a stairwell balcony, Hermione and Ron are talking. They stop when they see Harry and lean over the railing.]
Harry: All right there, Ron?
Ron: All right. You?
Harry: [as he shrugs] All right. Hermione?
Hermione: [smiling] Never better.
[We see the Great Hall full of students eating and talking with each other. There are green and silver banners with the Slytherin symbol above their heads, already indicating the house with the most points. Dumbledore gives a slight nod to Professor McGonagall, who then clinks her spoon to her glass to ask attention from the students. The crowd falls silent. Dumbledore stands up and speaks with his magically magnified voice.]
Dumbledore: Another year gone. And now, as I understand it, the house cup needs awarding. And the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor with 312 points. [There is a medium applause from the crowd.] Third place, Hufflepuff with 352 points. [The applause for Hufflepuff is slightly louder than the clapping for Gryffindor.] In second place, Ravenclaw with 426 points. [Applause again, this time with a slight cheer from some students.] And in first place, with 472 points, Slytherin house. [A loud roar rises from the Slytherin table, as students stand up and clap for themselves. Hermione scowls with her hand to her cheek; Snape applauds the students of his house]
Malfoy: Nice one, mate. [sneers at Ron]
Yes, yes, well done, Slytherin. Well done, Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account. And I have a few last-minute points to award. [Some faces at the Gryffindor table rise hopefully.] To Miss Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect while others were in grave peril, 50 points. [Hermione looks surprised, while the other Gryffindor students applaud her.]
Harry: [giving Hermione a pat on the back] Good job. [Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle don't like what's happening. Hermione looks at Hagrid, who looks back to her with a proud smile.]
Dumbledore: Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess that Hogwarts has seen these many years, 50 points. [Ron looks even more surprised than Hermione did and the Gryffindor table is applauding even louder.] And third, to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house 60 points.
[The Gryffindors cheer again, this time even louder than before. Malfoy has a cringing look on his face, while Harry sees a proud, smiling Professor McGonagall at the teacher's table. Hermione, who has done some quick math, whispers to her fellow students.]
Hermione: We're tied with Slytherin!
[Now, the Gryffindors look really hopeful, as Dumbledore hasn't finished talking yet.]
Dumbledore: And finally, it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends. I award 10 points to Neville Longbottom. [Neville can't believe what he just heard and the Gryffindors that heard Hermione's whisper are cheering the loudest. Malfoy looks quite uncertain now.] Assuming that my calculations are correct, I believe that a change of decoration is in order. [He claps and motions his hands towards the Slytherin banners, where they flap heavily, until the banners have changed completely to red and gold with the Gryffindor symbol] Gryffindor wins the House Cup.
[The Great Hall explodes with applause, not only from the Gryffindors, but also from the Ravenclaws and the Hufflepuffs because they are glad that for the first time in seven years, someone other than Slytherin has won the House Cup. Hagrid can't help himself to also cheer, and all students except the Slytherins throw their hats in the air, while Malfoy angrily throws his on the table in defeat. The Gryffindors around Harry are all congratulating him, and Harry smiles to Hagrid, who smiles back.]
Not Really Going Home[]
[At Hogsmeade station, students are walking around, getting in the train.]
Hagrid: Come on, now. Hurry up, you'll be late. Train's leavin’. Go on. Go on. Come on, hurry up.
[Harry hands Hedwig to a conductor and walks to an open door of the train with Hermione. Hermione waves to Hagrid, who waves back. Hermione gets on the train.]
Hermione: Come on, Harry.
Harry: One minute. [He walks over to Hagrid]
Hagrid: Thought you were leavin’ without sayin’ goodbye, did ya? [Hagrid takes a red album out of his coat pocket and hands it to Harry.] This is fer you.
[Harry opens the album and sees a picture, moving, of him as a baby with his parents. They are all smiling and waving. Harry smiles.]
Harry: Thanks, Hagrid. [Shakes Hagrid's hand, then hugs him tightly.]
Hagrid: Oh. Go on. On with ya. On with ya now. [Harry lets go] Oh, listen, Harry. If that dolt of a cousin of yours, Dudley, gives you any grief, you could always, um, threaten 'im with a nice pair of ears to go with that tail of his.
Harry: But Hagrid, we're not allowed to do magic away from Hogwarts. You know that.
Hagrid: I do. But your cousin don't, do he? Eh? [chuckle] Off ya go.
[Harry walks away, back to the train door where Hermione and Ron are waiting.]
Hermione: Feels strange to be going home, doesn't it?
Harry: I'm not going home. Not really.
[The train whistles and they climb aboard. As the train starts to leave and the camera pans up over the whole scene, Harry waves out the window to Hagrid, who waves back and then waves more to other students as the camera pans far back, then the credits begin.]