[A dark and gray sky is shown and the Warner Bros. Pictures logo appears, followed by the title in gray text: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. A bright white flash of light appears, and the park appears during the daytime.]
Broadcast host: I don't know about you, it's just too hot today, isn't it? And it's going to get even worse. Temperatures up in the mid-30s Celsius, that's the mid-90s Fahrenheit. Tomorrow, maybe even hitting a hundred. So, please remember to cover up and stay cool. with the hottest hits on your FM dial.
[Later, Harry Potter sits on a swing set, looking at his shadow and looks up, looking at a mother and her children longingly, wishing he had a family of his own.]
Woman: Come on, guys, time to go home. Come on, love, off you get.
[She holds her son's hand as he reluctantly gets off the round wheel.]
Boy: Do we have to?
Woman: Yes, we do. I'll make your favorite dinner...
[A gang of boys laugh as the main gang leader, Harry's gang, Vernon Dursley.]
Harry: Hey, Big D. Beat up another 10-year-old?
Dudley: This one deserved it.
Gang: Yeah.
Harry: Five against one, very brave.
Dudley: Well, you're one to talk. Moaning in your sleep every night? At least, I'm not afraid of my pillow.
[The gang laugh and mockingly.]
Dudley: Don't kill Cedric! Who's Cedric, your boyfriend?
[They laugh at Harry.]
Harry: (unimpressed and annoyed) Shut up.
Dudley: He's going to kill me, Mum! Where is your mum? Where is your mum, Potter? She dead? (the gang laughs at Harry, laughs crudely) Is she dead? Is she dead, Pott...? (Harry runs up to him threateningly with his hand, the others say Whoa. The gang laughs as the sky turns from daytime to nighttime. The clouds turn to gray, the wind starts howling and thunder rumbles.)
Gang: Uh, Dudley, Dudley, let's go on home. What's going on?
Dudley: What are you doing?
Harry: I'm not doing anything.
Gang: We're getting out of here, Dudley! Come on, Dudley! Hurry up!
(Harry and Dudley look up at the sky. They race down into an alleyway as thunder rumbles and wind howls. In the alleyway, lights flicker and water trickles as their breaths become cold.  Train clacks in the distance. Harry looks up to see a Dementor, it grabs him and throws him to the wall.
Harry (gasping): Dudley, run!
[Dudley runs but slips as another Dementor approaches. The dementors starts to choke them and tries to suck their soul out. Harry gets his wand out, but it falls to the floor. The Dementor drops Harry, sliding to his wand. The dementor follows after him. He gets his wand.]
Harry: Expecto Patronum! (A white light knocks the Dementor back out of the alleyway. Harry gets up and looks at the other Dementor, towering over Dudley. He casts the light over the Dementor and it flies out of the alleyway. Harry walks to Dudley who's on the floor. Mrs. Figg approaches them.) Mrs. Figg.
Mrs. Figg: Don't put away your wand, Harry. They might come back.
[She leads Harry and Dudley to his house.]
Mrs. Figg: Dementors in Little Whinging? Whatever next? The whole world's gone topsy-turvy.
Harry: I don't understand. How'd you know about...
Mrs. Figg: Dumbledore asked me to keep an eye on you.
Harry: Dumbledore? You know Dumbledore?
Mrs. Figg: Uh-huh. After You-Know-Who killed that poor Diggory boy last year, did you expect him to let you go wandering around on your own? Good Lord, boy, they told me you were intelligent. Now, get inside and stay there. I expect someone will be in touch soon. (whispers) Whatever happens, don't leave the house.
[Mrs. Figg lets Harry and Dudley walk into the house and she looks around to see the sprinkler on.]
Man on forecast: It is hot! That's right, hot everywhere. There's sweat, there's stifling, the sun is just burning...
Petunia (as the door opens): Diddykins! (footsteps approach) Is that you? (Harry opens the door. She turns off the TV.) Duddy? Vernon, come quick. (Vernon turns from the fridge. whispers) You have to take him to a hospital.
Uncle Vernon: Who did this to you, boy? (Dudley whimpers quietly as Vernon and Petunia checks him out before looking at Harry) Happy, are we now? Eh? You've finally done it. You've finally driven him loopy!
Petunia (whispers): Vernon! Don't say that!
Vernon: Well, j-just look at him, Petunia. Our boy is gone yumpy! I've reached my limit, do you hear? This is the last I'm gonna take of you and your nonsense!
[An owl comes flying through the window with a letter. An owl falls to the ground. The letter drops. Vernon whimpers. The letters picks back up and the owl takes flight again.]
Mafalda: Dear Mr. Potter, (whispers What?) the Ministry has received intelligence that at 6:23 this evening, you performed the Patronus Charm in the presence of a Muggle. As a clear violation of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, you are hereby expelled from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Hoping you are well, Mafalda Hopkirk.
[The letter falls as Harry looks at it.]
Vernon (as he walks up front): Justice.
[Vernon, Petunia and Dudley walk out of the house. Petunia opens the right side of the car. Uncle Vernon covers his head with a towel before putting him gently inside. A neighbor waves at them. Vernon closes the car door. Harry pounds the closet door before he picks up a photograph.]
Harry: Sorry, Hedwig.
[Harry looks at the photograph as he sits on the bed, puts it on the lampside table. It then changes to Harry and Cedric at the graveyard. Cedric looks around before he gets killed by a green curse. Harry looks shocked in wonder. Voldemort comes. It shifts back to Harry laying on the bed.  The clock ticks and clatters in distance. Harry puts his glasses on and stands up. The door unlocks and the key falls to the ground. The door blasts wide open before Hedwig squawks.
Tonks (whispers): Very clean, these Muggles.
Moody: Tonks, for God's sake.
Tonks (overlapping, whispers): Ouch!
Harry (looking at the group): Professor Moody. What are you doing here?
Moody: Rescuing you, of course.
Harry (as they leave the house): Where are we going? The letter said that I've been expelled from Hogwarts.
Moody: Well, you haven't been, not yet. Kingsley, you take point.
Harry: But the letter said...
Kingsley: Dumbledore has persuaded the Minister to suspend your expulsion pending a formal hearing.
Harry: A hearing?
Kingsley: Uh-huh.
Tonks: Don't worry, Harry, we'll explain everything when we get back to headquarters.
Moody: Shh! Not here, Nymphadora.
Tonks: Don't call me Nymphadora.
Moody (after he taps his stick twice and the brooms come): Stay in formation, everyone. Don't break ranks if one of us is killed.
[They all take off, flying in the air. They fly along the river seeing a boat going to the side. They move to the side of the boat. They regroup and fly. We arrive at the outskirts of Grimmauld Place. A truck drives past as Mad-Eye Moody opens the gate and stands outside Number Twelve.]
Worker: in that corner!
Moody: Come on. (Mad-Eye Moody taps his stick three times as he walks. He taps it two more times. Nothing happens. It shifts to a room inside the house. The house goes outwards as it grows and they look sideways. The windows goes inwards as another room comes into view with laughter. The balcony comes outward and the entrance inside comes into view. The fences come out.) In you go, son.
[They walk inside Number Twelve. They hear voices. Mad-Eye walks past him.]
Man: We must trust Dumbledore. (The group walks past Harry) I say it's time to take action.
Molly Weasley: Shh! Keep your voices down.
Sirius: ...stronger and stronger by the minute! We have to act now.
[Harry sees the members at the meeting.]
Molly: Harry,
Harry: Mrs. Weasley.
Molly (after she closes the door): Heavens, you're all right! (She laughs and hugs Harry. She feels his face) Bit peaky, but I'm afraid dinner will have to wait until after the meeting's finished.
Harry: About that...
Molly: No. No time to explain. Straight upstairs, first door on the left. (as Harry walks upstairs) Yeah.
Kreacher: Mudblood and werewolves, and traitors and thieves. If my poor Mistress knew the scum they've let into her house, what would she say to old Kreacher? Oh, the shame. (Kreacher tries to open the door, then closes it. He and Harry make eye contact as Kreacher carries a drawer.) There, there, mistress.
Portrait: Scum of the earth. Not like it ways in the days Kreacher is here.
[Harry opens the door to meet his friends.]
Hermione (as she hugs him); Oh, Harry! Are you all right? We've heard them talking about the dementor attack. You must tell us everything.
Ron: Let a man breathe, Hermione.
Hermione: And this hearing at the Ministry! It's just outrageous! I've looked it up, they simply can't expel you. It's completely unfair.
Harry: Yeah. (as he walks) There's a lot of that going around at the moment. So, what is this place?
Ron: It's headquarters.
Hermione; Of the Order of the Phoenix. It's a secret society. Dumbledore found it back when they first fought You-Know-Who.
Harry: You couldn't have put any of this in a letter, I suppose? I've gone all summer without a scrap of news.
Ron: We wanted to write mate. Really, we did. Only...
Harry: Only what?
Hermione: Only Dumbledore made us swear not to tell you anything.
Harry: Dumbledore said that? But why would he keep me in the dark? Maybe I could help. I'm the one who saw Voldemort return; I'm the one who fought him; I'm the one who saw Cedric Diggory get killed.
George: Harry
Fred: Thought we heard you dullest voices.
George: Don't bottle it up, though, mate. Let it out.
Fred: Anyway, if you're all done shouting
George: Do you wanna hear something a little more interesting?
Sirius (as the ear goes down): If anyone has a right to know, it's Harry. If it wasn't for Harry, we wouldn't even know. (voice amplified) Voldemort was back. He's not a child, Molly.
Molly: He's not an adult, either! He's not James, Sirius.
Sirius: He's not your son.
Molly: He's as good as.
Sirius: Who else has he got?
Harry: Hey, Ginny.
Sirius: He's got me.
Snape: How touchingly paternal, Black. Perhaps Potter will grow up to be a felon, just like his godfather.
Sirius: You stay out of this, Snivelus.
Harry: Snape's part of the Order?
Ron: Git.
Sirius: I know better
Snape: So why don't you tell him?
Harry (as Crookshanks touches the ear): Quick! Get it up!
Hermione (as Crookshanks plays with the ear): Crookshanks. Stop it. Get off, you bloody cat. Crookshanks, leave it alone.
Ron (after Crookshanks takes the ear off the listening device): Hermione, I hate your cat.
Hermione (whispers): Bad Crookshanks.
Molly: Well, we'll be eating down in the kitchen. (After Fred and George do magic and she slaps) Oh! Just because you're allowed to use magic now does not mean you have to whip your wands out for everything!
Ginny: Hi, mum!
Molly: You hungry, Harry?
Arthur: You sure you're all right Harry? You gave us quite a turn.
Sirius (as he comes out): Harry Potter.
[Molly and Arthur separate from each other.]
Harry (as he goes and hugs him): Sirius.
Sirius (after he laughs): Oh!
Arthur: This is very, very, peculiar. (while they snort) It seems that your hearing at the Ministry is to be before the entire Wizenagamont.
Harry: I don't understand. What has the Ministry of Magic got against me?
Moody: Show him. He'll find out soon enough.
[It shows the Order with Fred pouring a glass of water. Kingsley gives Harry the newspaper.
Sirius: He's been attacking Dumbledore as well. Fudge is using all his power, including his influence at the Daily Prophet, to smear anyone who claims the Dark Lord has returned.
Harry: Why?
Lupin: The Minister thinks Dumbledore's after his job.
Harry: But that's insane, no one in their right mind could believe that Dumbledore...
Lupin: Exactly the point. Fudge isn't in his right mind. It's been twisted and warped by fear. Now, fear makes people do terrible things, Harry. The last time Voldemort gained power, he almost destroyed everything we hold most dear. Now he has returned, and I'm afraid the Minister will do almost anything to avoid facing that terrifying truth.
Sirius: We think Voldemort wants to build up his army again. Fourteen years ago, he had huge numbers at his command, and not just witches and wizards but all manner of dark creatures. He's been recruiting heavily, and we've been attempting to do the same. But gathering followers isn't the only thing he's interested in. (Moody clears his throat) We believe Voldemort may be after something.
Moody: Sirius.
Sirius: Something he didn't have last time.
Harry: You mean, like a weapon?
Molly: No. That's enough. He's just a boy! You say much more and you might as well induct him into the Order straightaway.
Harry: Good, I want to join. If Voldemort's raising an army, then I want to join.
[Sirius claps both his hands and sits back in his chair. It pans on Harry and back on Sirius. It changes to Ron and Harry sleeping and snoring.]
Man (echoing whisper): Harry.
Hopkirk: You are hereby expelled.
Arthur: ...before the entire Wizenagamont.
[People arrive at the bottom of the escalators and begin walking.]
Arthur: Trains--underground. Ingenious, these Muggles. (He presses the door button, but walks backwards, presses it again, again no access. Harry shows the card to Arthur, put it through the slot and Arthur walks through, along with Harry.] Ah (He and Harry walk to the telephone booth.) Here we are. (As he opens the telephone door) I've never used the visitor's entrance before. Should be fun. Good. Good. (He and Harry enter the telephone booth.) I'll just get my Muggle money. (The coins clink as the door closes, as they descend) Ah.
[They descend down into the Ministry of Magic. They walk around as witches and wizards do their daily business. The telephone booth goes up. ]
Goblin: Terrible day yesterday. Lost a lot of galleons trading...
Wizard: Daily Prophet, ladies and gentlemen. Anybody for Daily Prophet?
Dumbledore: Is he daft or is he dangerous?
[Harry and Arthur continue to walk to the lifts as birds come flying, showing the Minister of Magic banister. They arrive at the lifts.]
Bob: Morning, Arthur.
Arthur: Morning, Bob. (pamphlets come into the lifts, he whispers) Interdepartmental memos. We used to use owls. The mess was unbelievable. (Kingsley walks into the lift and whispers something in Arthur's ear) Merlin's beard. Thank you, Kingsley. They've changed the time of your hearing.
Harry (as the lift doors close): When is it?
Arthur (as the lift begins to move): in five minutes.
[The lift goes backwards. The wizards pull a chain, and the lift goes down.]
Bones: Department of Mysteries.
[They walk out of the lift.
Lucius: ...do the right thing.
Fudge: Yes, but we must be... (they turn around to see Arthur and Harry)
[Arthur and Harry walk away.]
Arthur: Remember, during the hearing. speak only when you're spoken to. Keep calm. You've done nothing wrong. As the Muggles say, "truth will out". Yes?
Harry: Mm-hm.
Arthur: I'm not allowed in, I'm afraid. Good luck, Harry.
[Harry walks inside the courtroom. Harry is in the hearing as the gavel pounds.]
Fudge: Disciplinary hearing of the 12th of August into offenses committed by Harry James Potter, resident at number 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey. Interrogators Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister...
Dumbledore (as Harry turns): Witness for the defense! Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore.
Fudge (as Dumbledore walks to the front): You-you got our message that the time and place of the hearing had been changed, did you?
Dumbledore: I must have missed it, but by a happy mistake, I arrived at the Ministry three hours early. (silence) Charges?
Fudge: The charges against the accused are as follows: that he did knowingly and in full awareness of the illegality of his actions produce a Patronus Charm in the presence of a Muggle. Do you deny producing said Patronus?
Harry: No, but...
Fudge: And you were aware that you were forbidden to use magic outside school while under the age of 17?
Harry: Yes, I was, but...
Fudge: Witches and wizards of the Wizenagamot...
Harry: I was only doing it because of the dementors.
Bones: Dementors? In little Whinging?
Fudge: That's quite clever. Muggles can't see dementors, can they, boy? Highly convenient.
Harry: I'm not lying. There were two of them, and if I hadn't...
Fudge: Enough. I'm sorry to interrupt what I'm sure would have been a very well-rehearsed story, but since you can produce no witnesses of the event...
Dumbledore: Pardon me, Minister. But as it happens, we can.
[Fudge leans back in his chair.]
Bones: Please describe the attack. What did they look like?
Mrs. Figg: Well, one of them was very large and the other rather skinny.
Fudge: Not the boys, the dementors.
Mrs. Figg: Oh, right, right. Uh, well, um, big, cloaked. Then everything went cold, as though all the happiness had gone from the world.
Fudge: Now, look here. Dementors don't just wander into a Muggle suburb and happen across a wizard. The-the odds are astronomical.
Dumbledore: I don't think anyone would believe that the dementors were there by coincidence, Minister.
Umbridge (after clearing her throat): I'm sure I must have misunderstood you, Professor. Dementors are, after all, under the control of the Ministry of Magic. It's so silly of me, but it sounded for a moment as though you were suggesting that the Ministry had ordered the attack on this boy.
Dumbledore: That would be disturbing indeed, Madam Undersecretary. Which is why I'm sure the Ministry will be mounting a full-scale inquiry into why the two dementors were so very far from Azkaban and why they mounted an attack without authorization. Of course, there is someone who might be behind the attack. (Fudge leans close as Dumbledore goes up) Cornelius,  I implore you to see reason. The evidence that the Dark Lord has returned is incontrovertible.
Fudge: He's not back.
Dumbledore (after silence): In the matter of Harry Potter, the law clearly states that magic may be used before Muggles in life-threatening situations.
Fudge: Laws can be changed if necessary, Dumbledore.
Dumbledore: Clearly, it's become practice to hold a full criminal trial to deal with a simple matter of underage magic.
Woman (after murmurs): Those in favor of conviction. (The court raises their hands) Those in favor of clearing the accused of all charges. (The court raises their hands)
Fudge: Clear of all charges (he pounds the gavel)
Harry (as Dumbledore leaves): Professor...
[We are at King's Cross Station as Moody walks with his walking stick. Padfoot comes along with them as they walk to their train.]
Moody: Padfoot, are you barking mad? You'll blow the entire operation.
[As the whistle blows, Padfoot walks down the steps and into a door, transforming into Sirius.]
Harry (as he opens the door): Sirius, what are you doing here? If somebody sees you (he closes the door)
Sirius: I had to see you off, didn't I? What's life without a little risk?
[Sirius and Harry sit down.]
Harry: I don't want to see you get shut back in Azkaban.
Sirius: Oh, don't worry about me. Anyway, (he gets out a photo) I wanted you to have this. (Harry takes the photo and opens it) Original Order of the Phoenix, Marlene McKinnon, she was killed two weeks after this was taken. Voldemort wiped out her entire family. That's Frank and Alice Longbottom.
Harry: Neville's parents.
Sirius: They suffered a fate worse than death, if you ask me. It's been 14 years and still a day doesn't go by I don't miss your dad.
Harry (looking at the photo): Do you really think there's going to be a war, Sirius?
Sirius (nodding): It feels like it did before. (Harry gives him the photo) You keep it. Anyway, I suppose you're the young ones now.
[The whistle blows.]
Boy: I'll see you on the train.
Woman: Good-bye, Johnny. I love you.
[Harry looks to his compartment]
Child: Hold my hand. Bye.
[Harry walks to the front as it pans on Voldemort ahead. Harry looks at him. He is on the train compartment going to Hogwarts as Hermione sits down. A glimpse of the Hogwarts express is seen, with whistle blowing. It then pans on a lake as it goes up. Harry, Ron and Hermione leave the train. Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle come.]
Malfoy: I'm surprised the Ministry is still letting you walk around free, Potter. You better enjoy it while you can. I expect there's a cell in Azkaban with your name on it. (Ron grabs Harry by the shoulders) What'd I tell you? Complete nutter.
Harry: Just stay away from me!
Ron: It's only Malfoy. What do you expect?
[Ron lets go of Harry. Harry, Ron and Hermione walk to the carriages. One carriage holds Cho Chang as the carriage takes them to Hogwarts. Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville see the carriages ride to Hogwarts.]
Neville: Hi, guys.
Others: Hi, Neville.
[Harry turns around to see another carriage. The thestral gives a soft snort.]
Harry: What is it?
[Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville see another carriage.]
Ron: What's what?
Harry: That, pulling the carriage.
Hermione; Nothing's pulling the carriage, Harry. It's pulling itself, like always.
[They walk into the carriage where Luna is at.]
Luna: You're not going mad. (lowering the newspaper) I can see them, too. You're just as sane as I am.
[They all sit down in a carriage.]
Hermione: Everyone, this is Loony Love, Luna Lovegood. What an interesting necklace.
Luna: It's a charm, actually. Keeps away the Nargles. (looking around) Hungry. I hope there's pudding.
Ron: What's a Nargle?
Hermione (whispers): No idea.
[The students are in the Great Hall eating and chatting.]
Dumbledore: Good evening, children. (chatting dies down) Now, we have two changes in staffing this year. We're pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank, who will be taking care of Magical Creatures while Professor Hagrid is on temporary leave. We also wish to welcome our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Delores Umbridge. (Umbridge chuckles) And I'm sure you'll all join me in wishing the professor good luck. As usual, or caretaker, Mr. Filch, has asked me to remind you...
[Umbridge interrupts Dumbledore. The staff turns to Umbridge who stands up and walks to the front.]
Harry: She was at my hearing. She works for Fudge.
Umbridge: Thank you, Headmaster, for those kind words of welcome. And how lovely to see all your bright, happy faces smiling up at me. I'm sure we're all going to be very good friends.
Fred and George: That's likely.
Umbridge: The Ministry of Magic has always considered the education of young witches and wizards to be of vital importance. Although each headmaster has been brought something new to this historic school progress for the sake of progress must be discouraged. Let us preserve what must be preserved, perfect what can be perfected and prune practices that ought to be (whispers) prohibited.
[Umbridge goes back to take her seat and the students and staff applauds.]
Dumbledore: Thank you, Professor Umbridge. That really was most illuminating.
Ron: Illuminating?
Dumbledore: Now, as I was saying...
Ron: What a load of waffles.
Harry: What's it mean?
Dumbledore: ...magic is forbidden in the corriders.
Hermione: It means the Ministry is interfering at Hogwarts.
[It shows the Hogwarts castle. Harry enters the Gryffindor Common Room and students chatter.]
Girl (whispers): Quiet.
[Harry walks to the boys dormitory and students stare at him.]
Harry: Dean, Seamus, good holiday?
Dean: All right. Better than Seamus's, anyway.
Seamus (after he puts down the newspapers and walks to Harry): Me mum didn't want me to come back this year.
Harry: Why not?
Seamus: Let me see, uh, because of you. The Daily Prophet's been saying a lot of things about you, Harry, and about Dumbledore as well.
Harry: What, and your mum believes them?
Seamus: Well, nobody was there the night Cedric died.
Harry: Oh, well, I guess you should read the Prophet then, like your stupid mother. It'll tell you everything you need to know.
Seamus: Don't you dare talk about my mother like that.
Harry: I'll have a go at anyone that calls me a liar.
Ron: What's going on?
Seamus (while pointing): he's mad is what's going on. Do you believe the rubbish he's come out with about You-Know-Who?
Ron: Yeah, I do. Does anyone else got a problem with Harry?
[It shows the Gryffindor students. Harry and Ron walk up the steps to the boys dormitory. Harry kicks his trunk.]
Ron: You all right?
Harry: I'm fine.
Ron: Seamus was bang out of order, mate. But he'll come through, you'll see.
Harry: I said I'm fine, Ron!
[Harry looks at Ron.]
Ron: Right. I'll just leave you to your thoughts, then.
[Ron walks to his bed as Harry sits down on his bed. It changes to show the Ministry of Magic. Harry lays down on his bed.]
Voice (whispers): Harry...
[It goes inside the Department of Mysteries, showing Voldemort. Harry wakes up from his dreams and stares at Ron. Students fly an airplane into the ceiling.]
Student: Over here.
[They blow on a airplane]
Dean: Go on, Seamus. Go on, go on, get it.
[Seamus hits the airplane as it flies over the classroom. Crabbe hits it before Umbridge casts a spell as it falls on the Patil's desk.]
Umbridge; Good morning, children.  (Students turn around. As Umbridge walks to the front of the classroom) Ordinary Wizarding Level Examinations. O-W-L's. More commonly known as OWLs. Study hard and you will be rewarded. Fail to do so, and the consequences may be severe. (As the books go to every student) Your previous instruction in this subject has been disturbingly uneven. But you'll be pleased to know from now on, you will be following a carefully structured, Ministry-approved course of defensive magic. Yes?
Hermione: There's nothing in here about using defensive spells.
Umbridge: Using spells? (she laughs) Well, I can't imagine why you need to use spells in my classroom.
Ron: We're not going to use magic?
Umbridge: You will be learning about defensive spells in a secure risk-free way.
Harry: Well, what use is that? If we're going to be attacked, it won't be risk-free.
Umbridge (as she walks to the front): Students will raise their hands when they speak in my class. It is the view of the Ministry that a theoretical knowledge will be sufficient to get you through your examinations, which, after all, is what school is all about.
Harry: And how's theory supposed to prepare us for what's out there?
Umbridge: There is nothing out there, dear. Who do you imagine would want to attack children, like yourself?
Harry: Oh, I don't know, maybe Lord Voldemort.
[Students murmur at the statement. A pencil drops.]
Umbridge (after silence): Now let me make this quite plain. (while walking to the back) You have been told that a certain dark wizard is at large once again. This is a lie.
Harry: It's not a lie. I saw him! I fought him!
Umbridge (walking back to the front of the classroom): Detention, Mr. Potter!
Harry (as Umbridge walks back to the front): So according to you, Cedric Diggory dropped dead of his own accord?
Umbridge: Cedric Diggory's death was a tragic accident.
Harry: It was murder. Voldemort killed him! You must know that!
Umbridge (shrieks): Enough! Enough. See me later, Mr. Potter. My office. (she giggles)
[Umbridge takes three spoons of powder, puts it in her tea, mixes it as the cats meow. She puts the spoon down and drinks her tea. Harry knocks on the door. Umbridge puts her tea down.]
Umbridge: Come in. (Harry enters Umbridge's office) Good evening, Mr. Potter. Sit. (Harry closes the office door.) You're going to be doing some lines for me today, Mr. Potter. (as he reaches for his bag) No, not with your quill. You're going to be using a rather special one of mine. (She stands up, takes the quill and sets it on Harry's desk) Now, I want you to write "I must not tell lies."
Harry: How many times?
Umbridge: Well, let's say for as long as it takes for the message to sink in.
Harry (as he turns around): You haven't given me any ink.
Umbridge: Oh, you won't need any ink.
[As Umbridge takes away, Harry begins writing the message. The same message comes on his hand. He feels pain as the message is in blood. He groans. Umbridge turns around and walks in front of him.]
Umbridge: Yes?
Harry (after silence): Nothing.
Umbridge: That's right. Because you know, deep down, you deserve to be punished. Don't you, Mr. Potter? (after more silence) Go on.
[Umbridge walks away. Back in the Gryffindor Common room, Fred and George open the sweet trunk.]
Fred: Skiving snackbox. Sweets that make you ill.
George: Get you out of class whenever you like.
Fred: Obtain hours of pleasure from unprofitable boredom.
George (as the boy groans): Care for another?
Ron: I'm not asking you to write all of it for me.
Hermione: Oh, please.
Ron: It's just, I've been busy studying for these stupid OWL exams.
Hermione: I'll do the introduction, that's all.
Ron: Hermione, you're honestly the most wonderful person I've ever met. If I'm ever rude to you again...
Hermione (as she sits down): I'll know you've gone back to normal. (as Harry's reading a book and flipping pages) What's wrong with your hand?
Harry: Nothing.
Hermione (as she takes it): The other hand. (she uncovers Harry's hand) You've got to tell Dumbledore.
Harry: No. Dumbledore's got enough on his mind right now. Anyway, I don't want to give Umbridge the satisfaction.
Ron: Bloody hell, Harry, the woman is torturing you. If the parents knew about this...
Harry: Yeah, well, I haven't got any folks, have I, Ron?
Hermione: Harry, you've got to report this. It's perfectly simple. You're being...
Harry: No, it's not. Hermione, whatever this is, it's not simple. You don't understand. (He closes his book, take other books and stands up)
Hermione: Then help us to.
[Harry takes his books, his bag and leaves. An owl screeches as it zooms around Hogwarts.]
Harry: Dear Padfoot, I hope you're all right. It's starting to get colder here. Winter is definitely on the way. In spite of being back at Hogwarts, I feel more alone than ever. (howl from distant) I know you, of all people, will understand.
[Harry looks at the Forbidden Forest. He walks up to meet Luna who feeds a thestral.]
Luna: Hello, Harry Potter.
Harry (looking at her toes): Your feet. Aren't they cold?
Luna: A bit. Unfortunately, all my shoes have mysteriously disappeared. I suspect Nargles are behind it.
[The Nargles gnaw.]
Harry: What are they?
Luna; They're called thestrals. (loud cry) They're quite gentle, really, but people avoid them because they're a bit....
Harry: Different. (as Luna walks to a thestral) But why can't the others see them?
Luna: They can only be seen by people who've seen death.
Harry: So, you've known someone who's died then?
Luna: My mum. She was quite an extraordinary witch, but she did like to experiment, and one day, one of her spells went badly wrong. I was nine.
Harry: I'm sorry.
Luna: Yes, it was rather horrible. I do feel very sad about it sometimes. But I've got Dad. We both believe you, by the way. [The Nargle screeches as she takes out food.) That He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back and you fought him, and the Ministry and the Prophet are conspiring against you and Dumbledore.
Harry: Thanks. It seems you're about the only ones that do.
Luna (as she walks to a Nargle): I don't think that's true. (she throws an apple) But I suppose that's how he wants you to feel.
Harry: What do you mean?
Luna: Well, if I were You-Know-Who, I'd want you to feel cut off from everyone else, because if it's just you alone, you're not as much of a threat.
[They look at each other as Luna throws another food to the Nargle and eats it. We are in the Great Hall with Ron eating and reading something.]
Hermione: Do you ever stop eating?
Ron: What? I'm hungry.
[Harry comes into the Great Hall and Hermione turns to him.]
Hermione: Harry.
Harry: Can I join you?
Umbridge: Pardon me, Professor, but what exactly are you insinuating?
McGonagall: I am merely requesting that when it comes to my students, you conform to the prescribed disciplinary practices.
Umbridge: So silly of me, but it sounds as if you're questioning my authority in my own classroom. Minerva.
McGonagall: Not at all, Delores. Merely your medieval methods.
Umbridge: I am sorry, dear. But to question my practices is to question the Ministry, and by extension, the Minister himself. I am a tolerant woman, but the one thing I will not stand for is disloyalty.
McGonagall (taking a step down): Disloyalty.
Umbridge (going up): Things at Hogwarts are far worse than I feared. Cornelius will want to take immediate action.
[Filch pounds the wall and puts up an Educational Decree. The Daily Prophet comes up stating "Ministry Seeks Educational Reform".
Reporter (shouting): What's happened to Dumbledore?
Fudge: Having already revolutionized the teaching of Defense Against the Dark Arts, Delores Umbridge, will, as High Inquisitor have powers to address the seriously falling standards at Hogwarts School.
[Umbridge walks around the school with her clipboard. She casts a spell to separate the two students.]
Trelawney: Dream it...
Umbridge: Just one question, dear. You've been in this post how long exactly? (Students are walking. She casts spells as students act weird.) You applied first for the Defense Against the Dark Arts post, is that correct?
Snape: Yes.
Umbridge: But you were unsuccessful?
Snape: Obviously.
[Ron snickers. Umbridge leaves the Potions classroom and Snape slaps his book on Ron's head. The crowd is enjoying Fanged Frisbees as the Fred and George play with it and throws it into the air before Umbridge casts a spell and diminishes it. She walks away. Filch pounds the wall and walks up the ladder as decree comes into view as Umbridge walks in the classroom. Filch brings the ladder and spins it around twice.]
Umbridge: Could you please predict something for me?
Trelawney: I'm sorry?
[The students are singing in the Great Hall as Umbridge takes Flitwick's measure.]
Flitwick: Move those mouths.
[Flitwick looks at the tape measure as Umbridge measures him.]
Umbridge: one teensy little prophesy? (after thinking) Pity.
Trelawney: No, wait, wait, no. I think I do see something. Yes. I do. Something dark. You are in grave danger.
Umbridge (looking at Trelawney): Lovely. (she writes it on her clipboard and walks away)
[Students are leaving the classroom as Harry meets up with Cho.]
Harry: Cho, what's going on?
Cho: It's Professor Trelawney.
[Students murmur.]
Trelawney: Oh, I, uh, (Filch brings her suitcases and Umbridge goes to the Entrance Courtyard and Harry arrives.) Oh, six, 16 years I've, I've lived and taught here. Hogwarts is my home. (crying) You, you can't do this.
Umbridge (holding up a parchment): Actually, I can.
[Trelawney starts crying again. McGonagall walks up to Trelawney.]
McGonagall: Oh, dear.
Umbridge: Something you'd like to say, dear?
McGonagall: Oh, there are several things I would like to say. There. Shh, shh.
[Umbridge and McGonagall turn around to see the doors open and see Dumbledore. Trelawney whimpers. Dumbledore walks to them]
Dumbledore: Professor McGonagall, might I ask you to escort Sybil back inside?
McGonagall (escorting Trelawney): Sybil, dear.
Trelawney: Oh, I...
McGonagall: This way.
Trelawney: Thank you.
Umbridge: Dumbledore, may I remind you that, under the terms of Educational Decree Number 23, as enacted by the Minister...
Dumbledore: You have the right to dismiss my teachers. You do not, however, have the authority to banish them from the grounds. That power remains with the headmaster.
Umbridge (smiling): For now.
Dumbledore (as he leaves the Entrance Courtyard): Don't you all have studying to do?!
Harry (as he and the students are leaving): Professor! Professor! Professor Dumbledore. Professor! Professor Dumbledore.
Hermione: That foul, evil old gargoyle! We're not learning how to defend ourselves. We're not learning how to pass our OWLs. She's taking over the entire school.
Fudge (over radio): ...and security has been and will remain the Ministry's top priority. (Harry turns up the volume) Furthermore, we have convincing evidence that these disappearances are the work of notorious mass murderer Sirius Black. Make no mistake...
Sirius (whispers): Harry!
Harry: Sirius. (after he goes to the fireplace) What are you doing here?
Sirius: Answering your letter. You said you were worried about Umbridge. What's she doing? Training you to kill half-breeds?
Harry: Sirius, she's not letting us use magic at all.
Sirius: Well, I'm not surprised. The latest intelligence is that Fudge doesn't want you trained in combat.
Ron: Combat? What does he think, we're forming some sort of wizard army?
Sirius: Well, that's exactly what he thinks. That Dumbledore is assembling his own forces to take on the Ministry. He's becoming more paranoid by the minute. The others wouldn't want me telling you this, Harry, but things aren't going at all well with the Order. Fudge is blocking the truth at every turn, and these disappearances are just how it started before. Voldemort is on the move.
Harry: Well, what can we do?
Sirius (after a distant clatter): Someone's coming. I'm sorry I can't be of more help, but for now at least. It looks like you're on your own.
[Thunder rumbles in the distance. Sirius is gone as the fire crackles. Harry, Ron and Hermione look outside.]
Hermione: He really is out there, isn't he? (after thinking) We've got to be able to defend ourselves. And if Umbridge refuses to teach us how, we need someone who will.
[Thunder crashes as Hermione turn to Harry and Ron. It zooms out of the Gryffindor Common Room.]
Voldemort (whispers): Harry...
[It zooms in on Hogsmeade.]
Harry: This is mad. Who'd want to be taught by me? I'm a nutter, remember?
Ron: Look on the bright side. You can't e any worse than old toad face.
Harry: Thanks, Ron.
Ron: I'm here for you, mate.
Harry (as it zooms into a place): Who's supposed to be meeting us then?
Hermione: Just a couple of people.
[The door creaks as Harry, Ron and Hermione enter a pub.]
Ron: Lovely spot.
[Cowbell jingles.]
Hermione: I thought it would be safer somewhere off the beaten track.
Tavern Keeper: Hey, Mitzi, come back here!
Hermione (after she stands up): Um, hi. So, you all know why we're here. We need a teacher. A proper teacher. One who's had real experience defending themselves against the Dark Arts.
Boy: Why?
Ron: Why?! Because You-Know-Who's back, you toss-pot.
Boy: So he says?
Hermione: So Dumbledore says.
Boy: So Dumbledore says because he says. The point is, where's the proof?
Another boy (after silence): If Potter could tell us more about how Diggory got killed...
Harry (after silence and as he stands up): I'm not going to talk about Cedric, so if that's why you're here, you might as well clear out now. Come on, Hermione, let's go. They're just here because they all think I'm some sort of freak.
Hermione: Harry, wait.
Luna: Is it true you can produce a Patronus Charm?
Hermione (after silence): Yes. (after turning to Harry) I've seen it.
Dean: Blimey, Harry, I didn't know you could do that.
Neville: And he killed a Basilisk with the sword in Dumbledore's office.
Ginny: It's true.
Ron: Third year, he fought off about 100 dementors at once.
Hermione: And last year, he really did fight off You-Know-Who in the flesh.
Harry: Wait. Look, it all sounds great when you say it like that, but the truth is, most of that was just luck. I didn't know what I was doing half the time, I nearly always had help.
Hermione: He's just being modest.
Harry: No, Hermione, I'm not. (after silence) Facing this stuff in real life is not like school. In school, if you make a mistake, you can just try again tomorrow, but out there when you're a second away from being murdered or watching a friend die right before your eyes (after silence) you don't know what that's like.
[Harry sits down.]
Hermione (as she sits down): You're right, Harry, we don't. That's why we need your help. Because if we're going to have any chance of beating (after silence) Voldemort...
Boy: He's really back?
[Harry nods. People line up in a single line, signing their names on a parchment titled Dumbledore's Army.]
Harry: Right. First, we need to find a place to practice where Umbridge won't find out.
Ginny: The Shrieking Shack?
Harry: That's too small.
Hermione: Forbidden Forest?
Ron: Not bloody likely.
Ginny: Harry, what happens if Umbridge does find out?
Hermione: Who cares? I mean, it's sort of exciting, isn't it? Breaking the rules.
Ron: Who are you and what have you done with Hermione Granger?
Hermione: Anyway, at least we know one positive thing that came from today.
Harry: What's that?
Hermione: Cho couldn't take her eyes off you, could she?
Harry (as its pans up): Right. Over the next few days we should each come up with a couple of possibilities of places we can practice. We've got to make sure wherever it is, there's no chance she can find us.
[Filch pounds the wall as an Educational Decree is heard.]
Umbridge: All student organizations are henceforth disbanded. Any student in noncompliance will be expelled.
Goyle (as Neville walks and bumps into someone): Watch where you're going, Longbottom.
[They giggle as Neville continues to walk. A crackle sounds to reveal the Room of Requirement. Neville walks to it. The door reveals and opens.]
Hermione: You've done it, Neville. You've found the Room of Requirement.
Ron: The what?
Hermione: It's also known as the Come and Go Room. The Room of Requirement only appears when a person has real need of it and is always equipped for the seeker's needs.
Ron: So, say you really needed the toilet ...
Hermione: Charming, Ronald. But, yes, that is the general idea.
Harry: It's brilliant. It's like Hogwarts wants us to fight back.
[They look at a figure. The figure raises the wand.]
Neville: Expelliarmus! (The wand flies to the back of the room and hits the glass. They all duck and rise up.) I'm hopeless.
Harry: You're-you're just flourishing your wand too much. Try it like this. Expelliarmus!
[The wand leaves the figure.]
Umbridge: You will please copy the approved text four times to ensure maximum retention. There will be no need to talk.
Hermione: No need to think is more like it.
Neville (whispers): Expelliarmus.
Umbridge: Wands away.
[Neville looks up. Students are walking as Filch takes cover and sees the Room of Requirement. He walks up to it.]
Harry: Stunning is one of the most useful spells in your arsenal. It's sort of a wizard's bread and butter, really. So, um, come on, then, Nigel. Give me your best shot.
Nigel (as the room comes into view and he sniffs): Stupefy!
[Harry falls back as Nigel hits him with the curse and Nigel falls back as well.]
Harry: Good. Not bad at all, Nigel. Well done.
[Outside the Room of Requirement, Filch takes a bit of a sandwich.]
Ron: Don't worry, I'll go easy on you.
Hermione: Thanks, Ronald.
[Ron walks.]
Students: Come on, Ron. Come on, Ron. Come on, Ron. Do it. Come on, Ron. (Neville walks to the side)
Fred: One sickle.
George: You're on.
[A view of students are shown. It pans on Ron and then Hermione.]
Hermione: Stupefy!
[Ron falls backwards as students murmur and laugh.]
Fred: Thank you.
George: Shut up.
Ron: I let her do that. It's good manners, isn't it? (The girls giggle.) It was completely intentional.
[Filch snores and grunts and looks around. The door rumbling opens as students walk out. Filch hits the wall and hangs up another Educational Decree. He walks down the ladder as students look at the decrees.]
Umbridge: Up you come. Would you like a cup of tea?
[Umbridge pours tea into a cup and closes the door.]
Harry: Now focus on the fixed point and try again.
[Echoes of Expelliarmus overlap.]
Neville: Expelliarmus!
Harry (after something fuzz): Very good. Keep your concentration. (he walks around the room) Great. (Nigel is in the air) A little higher.
[Harry raises Cho's wand a little higher.]
Nigel: Whoa! (he falls as Cho turns to Harry) I'm okay. I'm okay.
[Filch walks to the box of sweets and opens it. He takes one out. Fred and George take cover. Umbridge sees Filch's face covered in blood and the blood splatters. Umbridge casts it. Students say Stupefy. A person falls back.]
Umbridge (over P.A.): Those wishing to join the Inquisitorial Squad for extra credit may sign up at the High Inquisitor's Office.
Nigel: Diminuito!
[The figure turns small and scatters around the room. Umbridge puts medals on students.]
Harry: Working hard is important. But there's something that matters even more. (Student says Stupefy) Believing in yourself.
Girl: Expelliarmus!
Students: There you go. I've got it.
Harry: Think of it this way. (someone says Livecorpus) Every great wizard in history has started out as nothing more than what we are now: students. If they can do it, why not us?
[Luna hops into the Room of Requirement. Filch, Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle see Luna walk in and they run.]
Nigel: Stupefy!
Neville: Expelliarmus!
[The figure goes back as Filch, Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle run.]
Girl: Expelliarmus!
[The room goes inwards.]
Luna: Expelliarmus!
[Filch, Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle open the door and fall as a bucket and mop fall as well. A mice walks away.]
Ginny: Reducto!
[Ginny casts a spell and it lands on the ground. Ginny looks at it. It pans on some students and Harry. The mess goes underneath.]
Cho: Expelliarmus! Expelliarmus!
[Harry walks around the room.]
Neville; Expelliarmus!
[A Patil's wand flies out of her hand as students gasp.]
Student: Did you see that?
[Students excitedly chatter. Patils walk to them.]
Harry: Fantastic, Neville. Well done, man. So that's it for this lesson. Now, we're not going to be meeting again until after the holidays. (students groan at this statement) So just keep practicing on your own as best you can. And, and well done, everyone. Great, great work.
[Students applauds.]
Ron: Top job, mate.
Harry: Thanks.
[Students begin to walk away.]
Student: See you after Christmas.
[Students begin to leave.]
Hermione: See you in the Common Room, Harry.
Neville: Thanks a lot, Harry.
Harry: No worries.
Students: Merry Christmas, Harry. Thank you.
Harry: Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Not at all.
[Students and Harry say Merry Christmas to Harry as they leave. Harry thanks them.]
Luna; Have a great Christmas, Harry.
Harry: Have a great Christmas, Luna.
Fred: We've been thinking, Harry. We could always slip Umbridge some Puking Pastilles into her tea.
George: Or Fever Fudge. They give you these massive pus-filled boils right on...
Harry: Sounds great, guys. Would you excuse me?
[Fred and George leave the Room of Requirement as they turn around to see Harry go to Cho.]
Harry: Are you all right? I heard Umbridge gave you a rough time the other day.
Cho: Yeah. I'm okay. Anyways, it's worth it. (Cho and Harry look at Cedric Diggory.) It's just, it's just learning all this makes me wonder whether if he'd known it...
Harry: Cedric, Cedric did know this stuff. He was really good. It's just, Voldemort was better.
Cho (after silence): You're a really good teacher, Harry. I've never been able to stun anything before. (Something rustles. Cho and Harry look up to see the leaves grow.) Mistletoe.
Harry: Probably full of Nargles, though.
Cho: What are Nargles?
Harry: I have no idea.
[Harry and Cho kiss as quiet and gentle music plays.]
Ron: Well, how was it?
Harry (once it's in the Gryffindor Common Room): Wet. I mean, she was sort of crying.
Ron: That bad at it, are you?
Hermione: I'm sure Harry's kissing was more than satisfactory. (Ron chuckle softly.) Cho spends half her time crying these days.
Ron: You'd think a bit of snogging would cheer her up.
Hermione: Don't you understand how she must be feeling? (after silence) Well, obviously, she's feeling sad about Cedric, and therefore confused about liking Harry, and guilty about kissing him, conflicted because Umbridge is threatening to sack her mom from her job at the Ministry and frightened of failing her O-W-L's, because she's so busy worrying about everything else.
Ron: If one person can feel all that, they'd explode.
Hermione: Just because you've got the emotional range of a teaspoon...
[Ron and Hermione turn to Harry and they laugh. We are in the Ministry of Magic. Harry is sleeping. A snake enters the Department of Mysteries.]
Sirius: Voldemort may be after something. Something he didn't have last time.
Voldemort (whispers): Harry, Harry.
[Harry pants as Arthur is in the Department of Mysteries. He turns around as the snake attacks him. Harry struggles. Arthur is in blood. Harry wakes up. Ron, Harry and McGonagall take go to the headmaster's office.]
Dumbledore: In the dream, were you standing next to the victim? Or looking down at the scene?
Harry: Neither. It was like I... Professor, will you please just tell me what's happening?
Dumbledore: Everhardt, Arthur's on guard duty tonight. Make sure he's found by the right people.
Harry: Sir...
Dumbledore: Phineas, you must go to your portrait at Grimmauld Place. Tell them that Arthur Weasley is gravely injured and his children will be arriving there soon by portkey.
Everhardt: They got him, Albus. It was close, but they think he'll make it. What's more, the Dark Lord failed to acquire it.
Dumbledore; Ah, thank goodness.
Harry: Look at me! (Dumbledore turns to him) What's happening to me?
Snape (after silence): You wished to see me, Headmaster?
Dumbledore: Severus, I'm afraid we can't wait. Not even till the morning. Otherwise, we'll all be vulnerable.
[Snape takes Harry to the Potions classroom.]
Snape: It appears that there is a connection between the Dark Lord's mind and your own. Whether he is as yet aware of this connection is, for the moment, unclear. Pray he remains ignorant.
Harry: You mean, if he knows about it, then he'll be able to read my mind?
Snape: Read it, control it, (he turns to Harry) unhinge it. In the past, it was often the Dark Lord's pleasure to invade the minds of his victims, creating visions designed to torture them into madness. Only after extracting the last exquisite ounce of agony, only when he had them literally begging for death, would he finally kill them. Used properly, the power of Occlumency will help shield you from access or influence. In these lessons, I will attempt to penetrate your mind. You will attempt to resist. Prepare yourself. Legillimens!
[He points his wand at Harry. It travels through memories.]
Voldemort: Harry!
[More memories come as voices overlap indistinctly. An eerie shriek sounds.]
Snape: Concentrate, Potter. Focus.
[It travels outside the Potions classroom, showing the view of Hogwarts, going up as snow falls. Children play outside, shouting. They laugh. It goes inside Number Twelve.]
Santa: Ho, ho, ho. Merry Christmas.
Molly: Here we go. Daddy's back.
Arthur: Oh.
[Everyone claps at Molly's statement.]
Molly: Sit down, everybody, sit down. That's it. Now, presents.
Arthur: And a nice big box for Ron.
Molly: Big box for him. And, um (confused) Here, oh. Fred and George. Come on, open up. I want to see your faces.
Arthur: Yes.
Molly (laughing): Try it on.
Ginny: Thanks, Mum, it's perfect.
Molly: Just what he wanted, actually.
Ron (as the twins put their scarfs on); Thanks, Mum.
Molly (as Harry comes into the kitchen): Come on, then, everyone, let's clear this away. Oh, Harry, Harry! There you are. (bringing him a present) Happy Christmas.
Harry: Thank you.
Molly: Lovely to have you with us.
Harry: Thank you.
Molly: Now, Daddy, pass that to Daddy.
Arthur (as Harry opens his present): Thank you.
Molly: Has everybody got?
Arthur: Toast!
Molly: Fred? George? Hermione? Make sure...
Arthur: A Christmas toast! To Mr. Harry Potter, without whom I would not be here. (he raises his glass) Harry.
Everyone; Harry.
Arthur: Oh, that is delicious. I shall be needing some more of that.
Molly: Well, Daddy...
Hermione (as she and Ron walk downstairs): I can't understand why you don't want to wear it, Ronald.
Ron: Because I look like a bloody idiot, that's why.
Hermione: No more than usual, Ronald. I don't know why you don't trust your mother's taste more.
[Harry enters Sirius's room and sees Kreacher.]
Kreacher: Nasty brat, standing there as bold as brass. Harry Potter, the boy who stopped the Dark Lord, friend of Mudbloods and blood traitors alike. If my poor Mistress only knew,...
Sirius: Kreacher! That's enough of your bile. Away with you.
Kreacher: Of course, Master. Kreacher lives to serve the noble house of Black.
[Kreacher groans as he leaves.]
Sirius: Sorry about that. He never was very pleasant, even when I was a boy. Not to me, anyway.
Harry: What, what, you grew, you grew up here?
Sirius: This is my parents' home. I offered it to Dumbledore as headquarters for the Order. About the only useful thing I've been able to do. This is the Black family tree. My deranged cousin. I hated the lot of them. My parents with their pure-blood mania. (looking at the family tree and pointing) My mother did that after I ran away. Charming woman. I was 16.
Harry: Where did you go?
Sirius: Your dad's. I was always welcome at the Potters'. I see him so much in you, Harry. You are so very much alike.
Harry: I'm not so sure. Sirius, when I was... When I saw Mr. Weasley attacked, I wasn't just watching. (breathing) I was the snake. And afterwards, in Dumbledore's office, there was a moment when I, I wanted to (breathing and silence) This connection between me and Voldemort, what if the reason for it is that I am becoming more like him? I-I just feel so angry all the time. And what if, after everything that I've been through, something's gone wrong inside me? What if I'm becoming bad?
Sirius (coming close): I want you to listen to me very carefully, Harry. You're not a bad person. You're a very good person who bad things have happened to. You understand? (Harry nods.) Besides, the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters. We've all got both light and dark inside of us. (nods) What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are.
Hermione (knocking): Harry, time to go.
Sirius (as he and Harry walk): When all this is over, we'll be a proper family. You'll see.
[Harry and Sirius hug and separate. Harry leaves the room. Voices whisper indistinctly as Sirius closes the door. It shows Sirius' room before zooming up on Hogwarts. Students return to Hogwarts after Christmas break.]
Harry: Really?
[Cho giggles]
Hermione: Harry! Harry, Hagrid's back.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione turn to leave.]
Harry: I'm sorry.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione run to Hagrid's hut to meet Hagrid, returning after a lengthy absence. They tune in to Umbridge's conversation.]
Umbridge: I will say this one last time. I'm ordering you to tell me where you've been.
Hagrid: I told you. I've been away for me health.
Umbridge: Your health?
Hagrid (as Harry, Ron and Hermione hide): Yeah. Bit of fresh air, you know.
Umbridge: Oh, yes. As gamekeeper, fresh air must be difficult to come by. (as it pans on Hagrid) If I were you, I shouldn't get too used to being back. In fact, I mightn't bother unpacking at all.
[Umbridge leaves Hagrid's hut as Ron hides. She sniffs, spraying perfume on herself and the door, then walks back up to the castle.]
Hagrid: This is top secret, right? Dumbledore sent me to parlay with the giants.
Hermione: Giants?!
Hagrid: Shh!
Hermione: You found them?
Hagrid: Well, they're not that hard to find, to be perfectly honest. They're so big, see? I tried to convince them to join the cause. But I wasn't the only one that was trying to win them over.
Ron: Death Eaters?
Hagrid: Yes. Trying to persuade them to join You-Know-Who.
Harry: And, did they?
Dumbledore: I gave them Dumbledore's message. Suppose some of them remember he was friendly to them, I suppose. (he sighs as Fang barks)
Harry: And they did this to you?
Hagrid: Not exactly, no. (Fang barks) Oh, go on, you have it then, you dopey dog. (Fang bites on the steak. Thunder rumbles and wind whistles. Fang barks.) It's changing out there. Just like last time. There's a storm coming, Harry. We'd all best be ready when she does.
[Eerie voices whisper indistinctly as a man looks at his arm. Bellatrix kisses her arm. Thunder crackles and wind whistles. Explosion sounds as a woman walks outside and laughs maniacally. Laughter echoes as dementors surround the area.]
Fudge (v.o. as the newspaper sights): We have confirmed that ten high-security prisoners, in the early hours of yesterday evening, did escape. And of course, the Muggle Prime Minister has been alerted to the danger. We strongly suspect that the breakout was engineered by a man that the breakout was engineered by a man with personal experience of escaping from Azkaban, notorious mass murderer, Sirius Black, cousin of escapee Bellatrix Lestrange.
[Bellatrix screams as the newspaper zooms out and sees Neville reading it.]
Hermione: Dumbledore warned Fudge this could happen. He's gonna get us all killed just because he can't face the truth.
Seamus: Harry? I, uh, I wanted to apologize. Now even me mum says The Prophet's version of things don't add up. So, what I'm really trying to say is that I believe you.
[It zooms in on Harry, Ron and Hermione. It then goes to the Room of Requirement where Neville is in. Harry walks up to him.]
Harry: Neville?
[The view zooms down on him.]
Neville (looking at posts): Fourteen years ago, a Death Eater named Bellatrix Lestrange used the Cruciatus Curse on my parents. She tortured them for information, but they never gave in. I'm quite proud to be their son. But I'm not sure I'm ready for everyone to know just yet.
Harry (after nodding and looking at posts): We're gonna make them proud, Neville. That's a promise. (they look at a photograph) Make it a powerful memory, the happiest you can remember. Allow it to fill you up. Keep trying, Seamus.
Seamus: Expecto Patronum.
Harry: George, your turn now.
Student: Expecto Patronum.
George: Expecto Patronum!
[George casts a doe.]
Harry: A full-bodied Patronus is the most difficult to produce, but shield forms can also be equally useful against a variety of opponents.
Girl (overlapping): Expecto Patronum.
Girl: Oh wow. That was great.
Harry: Fantastic, Ginny! Just remember, your Patronus can only protect you for as long as you stay focused. So, focus, Luna.
[Apparition squeaks happily. Hermione laughs.]
Harry: Think of the happiest thing you can.
Neville; Expecto Patronum. I-I'm trying.
Harry: I know.
Ron: Expecto Patronum.
Harry: It's good. This is really advanced stuff, guys. You're doing so well.
Neville (as he falls): Whoa!
Luna: Expecto Patronum.
[Luna casts a hare that goes around the room as students duck. The chandelier shakes as a deep thud is heard. The doe vanishes as students take a look outside. Glass crackles and breaks.]
Umbridge: I'll make short work of this. Bombarda Maxima. (Umbridge casts a spell as the wall breaks and Harry and a boy run away. Umbridge and other people walk up and see students in the room.) Get them! (once at Dumbledore's office) I've been watching them for weeks. And see, Dumbledore's Army proof of what I've been telling you right at the beginning, Cornelius. All your fearmongering about You-Know-Who never fooled us for a minute. We saw your lies for what they were, a smoke screen for your bid to seize control of the Ministry.
Dumbledore; Naturally.
Harry: No, Professor, he had nothing to do with it. It was me.
Dumbledore: Most noble of you, Harry, to shield me, but as has been pointed out, the parchment clearly says Dumbledore's Army, not Potter's. I instructed Harry to form this organization. And I, and I alone, am responsible for its activities.
Fudge: Dispatch an owl to the Daily Prophet. If we hurry, we should still make the morning edition. Dawlish, Shacklebolt, you will escort Dumbledore to Azkaban to await trial for conspiracy and sedition.
Dumbledore: Ah, I thought we might hit this little snag. (as he walks) You seem to be laboring under the delusion that I'm going to... What's the phrase?--come quietly. Well, I can tell you this, I have no intention of going to Azkaban.
Umbridge (whispers): Enough of this. Take him!
[An bird comes as Dumbledore catches it and turns to fire. People hide as some fall back. Dumbledore is gone.]
Fudge: Wha...
Kingsley: Well, you may not like him, Minister, but you can't deny Dumbledore has got style.
[Filch climbs up a ladder as Harry, Ron and Hermione see Filch hammer a wall. The wall shakes at every hammer as he hangs up another Decree. Ron and Hermione look behind and then back at the Decree.]
Umbridge (on P.A.): Boys and girls are not permitted to be within eight inches of each other. Those wishing to join the Inquisitorial Squad for extra credit... Students will be submitted to questioning about suspected illicit activities. Any students in noncompliance will be expelled.
[Filch takes a painting.]
Men in the painting: Earthquake! Whoa... Hey, uh...! Hey!
[Filch slides the painting to the left as the men and skeleton disappear. He walks up the stairs. The door clanks. Students in the Great Hall write something on the parchment with Umbridge at the front. Umbridge takes a sip of her tea. George looks up as Umbridge sighs. Students leave the Great Hall in separate directions and Cho turns around.]
Cho: Harry... (Harry looks at her as he walks past her.)
Ron: You did everything you could. No one could win against that old hag.
Hermione: Even Dumbledore didn't see this coming. Harry, if it's anyone's fault, it's ours.
Ron: Yeah, we talked you into it.
Harry: Yeah, but I agreed. I tried so hard to help, and all it's done is make things worse. (as he turns to the side) Anyway, that doesn't matter anymore. All it does is make you care too much. And the more you care, the more you have to lose. So maybe it's just better to...
Hermione: To what?
Harry: To go it alone.
Hagrid: Psst.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione look at Hagrid.]
Harry: Hagrid.
[Hagrid leads them to Grawp.]
Ron: Any idea where he's taking us?
Harry: Hagrid, why can't you just tell us?
[A horse neighs in the distance and a rumble sounds. Creatures stampede and grunt in the distance. Creatures snort as rumble continues.]
Hagrid: I've never seen the centaurs so riled. And they're dangerous at the best of times. (he sighs) The Ministry restricts their territory much more, they're gonna have a full uprising on their hands.
Hermione: Hagrid, what's going on?
Hagrid: I'm sorry to be so mysterious, you three. I-I wouldn't be bothering you at all with it, but with Dumbledore gone, I'll likely be getting the sack any day now. And I just couldn't leave without telling someone about him. (thunderous footsteps approach) Grawpy? (birds chirp as Grawp walks backwards) Down here, you great buffoon. (Thunderous footsteps and birds squawks as Grawp claps. Harry, Ron and Hermione duck and get back up.) Oh, Grawpy, brought you some company. (Grawp looks at his fingers. Harry, Ron and Hermione walk back. Hagrid falls as Grawp chase.) I couldn't just leave him, because, because he's my brother.
Ron (quietly): Blimey.
Hagrid: Well, half-brother, really. He's completely harmless, just like I said. Little high-spirited, is all. (Hermione screams as Grawp picks her up) Grawpy, that is not polite!
Ron: Hagrid, do something!
Hagrid: We talked about this. You do not grab, do you? That's your new friend, Hermione. (Ron hits Grawp's left leg with a stick) Grawpy!
[Ron falls as he grunts.]
Hermione: Grawp! (while pointing) Put me down! (after silence) Now!
[Grawp puts Hermione down and sighs quietly.]
Ron: Are you all right?
Hermione: Fine. Just needs a firm hand, is all.
Harry: I think you've got an admirer.
[They look at Grawp taking out stuff.]
Ron: You just stay away from her, all right?
[Grawp turns around and rings a bell. He walks forward and gives Hermione a scooter bell. She takes it from Grawp and after silence, rings it.]
Hagrid: He gets his own food and all. (bell rings) It's company he'll be needing when I'm gone. (Grawp sits down) You will look after him, won't you? I'm the only family he's got.
[The bell rings and dingles. Harry looks at Grawp. It then changes to show Harry's parents (scene from the Sorcerer's Stone movie.) Harry walks up to the mirror.]
Snape: Feeling sentimental?
[A whoosh sounds as we go to the Potions classroom.]
Harry (panting): That's private.
Snape: Not to me. And not to the Dark Lord, if you don't improve. (as he walks to Harry) Every memory he has access to is a weapon he can use against you. You won't last two seconds if he invades your mind. (Harry pants) You're just like your father: lazy, arrogant.
Harry (standing up): Don't say a word against my father!
Snape: Weak.
Harry: I'm not weak!
Snape: Then prove it. Control your emotions. Discipline your mind. (after silence and as he points his wand) Legilimens!
[Harry struggles as we travel through his memories.]
Voldemort (whispers): Harry!
Harry (chuckles): Sirius!
Snape: I may vomit.
Harry (gasps): Stop it!
Snape: Is this what you call control?
Harry (as he walks away): We've been at it for hours. If I could just rest!
Snape (as he comes close to Harry): The Dark Lord isn't resting. You and Black, you're two of a kind, sentimental children forever whining about how bitterly unfair your lives have been. Well, it may have escaped your notice, but life isn't fair. Your blessed father knew that. In fact, he frequently saw to it.
Harry: My father was a great man!
Snape: Your father was a swine. (He takes Harry back and Harry sits down) Legilimens!
Harry: Protego!
[We go through Snape's memory. He walks forward.]
James: Come on, Moony, Padfoot.
Harry: Snape!
James: Expelliarmus!
Boys (laughs): Nice one, James!  Come on, James, finish him off! Dad. Impedimenta. Snivellus! Greasy! Snivellus! Greasy!
James: Right. Who wants to see me take off Snivelly's trousers? (chants grow louder)
Snape: Enough! (We exit through his memories and Harry sits down.) Enough. (Harry stands and Snape comes to him. while grabbing his jacket) Your lessons are at an end.
Harry: I d-d...
Snape: Get out.
[Snape let goes of Harry's jacket as Harry walks out of the Potions classroom and outside the Entrance Courtyard. A boy sobs.]
Fred: What's your name?
Boy: Michael.
George: Your hand's gonna be fine, Michael.
Fred: Yeah, it's-it's not as bad as it seems. See? It's fading already.
George (as Michael sobs): You can hardly see ours anymore. And the pain stops after a while.
Fred: Yeah.
[Michael sobs and Umbridge clears her throat. They all turn to Umbridge.]
Umbridge (as the Weasleys stand up): As I told you once before, Mr. Potter, naughty children deserve to be punished.
[Fred and George stand on opposite sides of Harry.]
Fred: You know, George, I've always felt our futures lay outside the world of academic achievement.
George: Fred, I've been thinking exactly the same thing.
[In the Great Hall, Theory of Charms is in progress as the pendulum whooshes. There is a long sigh as students do their Charms exam. Umbridge is at the front of the hall. There is a loud boom in the distance. Students turn around as they hear it as well. Umbridge walks out of the Great Hall to see what that noise is. Students whisper indistinctly. More booms in the distance. Umbridge opens the Great Hall doors to see a firework sizzle and crackle. It pops, crackles and whistles.]
Umbridge (quietly): Hm?
Fred: All right, Professor!
[Fred and George fly into the Great Hall in broomsticks as they throw fireworks and the papers fly in the air. The fireworks pop and whistles as kids shout. Umbridge walks in.]
Fred: Here you go!
[Fireworks go around in the Great Hall as they whistle and pop. Students look at the fireworks. Fred and George fly in opposite directions. Umbridge looks up and gasps. Goyle looks at the firework and screams. He slaps it away. It goes to Crabbe who tries to run away as a loud pop hits him. Malfoy dodges the firework that lands on the Great Hall door. Filch walks into the Great Hall to see the fireworks.]
George: Ready when you are!
[The twins laugh as George throws another firework into the air and it explodes. The fire dragon roars as Umbridge tries to run away. Students look at the fireworks. The fire dragon catches Umbridge as the glass breaks. The explosions stop and Educational Decrees fall to the ground. Umbridge screams as the twins fly out of the Great Hall and into the sky. Students shout and cheer as they run out of the Great Hall and into the courtyard. The twins laugh as they throw another set of fireworks. Students cheer as the twins fly away. Students and Flitwick see the W in the sky.
Student: Yes!
[Students continue to cheer. Suddenly, the cheer dies down as Harry goes to the ground. Hermione turns back to see Harry. It goes to the Department of Mysteries.]
Voldemort (echoing): I need that prophecy.
Sirius: You'll have to kill me.
Voldemort: Oh, I will, but first you will fetch it for me. Crucio. (Sirius is being tortured by Voldemort as he screams.) Crucio!
[Sirius screams and grunts in pain, showing memories. He groans in pain. Hermione walks up to Harry.]
Harry: Sirius.
Hermione: Harry, are you sure?
Harry: I saw it. It's just like with Mr. Weasley. It's the same door I've been dreaming about for months, only I couldn't remember where I'd seen it before. Sirius said Voldemort was after something, something he didn't have the last time, and it's in the Department of Mysteries.
Hermione: Harry, please, just listen. (The staircase spins to the left.) What if Voldemort meant for you to see this? What if he's only hurting Sirius because he's trying to get to you?
Harry: What if he is? I'm supposed to just let him die? Hermione, he's the only family I've got left.
Ron: What do we do?
Harry: We'll have to use the Floo Network.
Hermione: But Umbridge has all the chimneys under surveillance.
Harry: Not all of them. (outside Umbridge's office) Alohomora. (The door opens as cats mew. Harry, Ron and Hermione enter. Ron closes the door as they go to the fireplace.) Alert the Order if you can.
Ron: Are you mental? We're going with you.
Harry: It's too dangerous.
Hermione (coming to Harry): When are you going to get it into your head? We're in this together.
Umbridge: That you are.
Malfoy: Caught this one trying to help the Weasley girl.
Boy: Git.
Umbridge: You were going to Dumbledore, weren't you?
Harry: No.
Umbridge (as she slaps Harry across the face): Liar!
Snape: You sent for me, Headmistress?
Umbridge (looking at Snape): Snape. Yes. The time has come for answers, whether he wants to give them to me or not. Have you brought the Veritaserum?
Snape: I'm afraid you've used up all my stores interrogating students, the last of it on Miss Chang. (Harry turns to his friends and Ron turns to them.) Unless you wish to poison him, and I assure you I would have the greatest sympathy if you did, I cannot help you.
Harry (as Snape tries to walk away): H-He's got Padfoot. He, he's got Padfoot at the place where it's hidden.
Umbridge: Padfoot? What is Padfoot? Where what is hidden? What is he talking about, Snape?
Snape (turning around and after silence): No idea.
Umbridge (after silence): Very well. (as she turns around) You give me no choice, Potter. As this is an issue of Ministry security, you leave me with no alternative. The Cruciatus Curse ought to loosen your tongue.
Hermione: That's illegal.
Umbridge: What Cornelius doesn't know won't hurt him. (she puts the frame down and points the wand at Harry)
Hermione: Tell her, Harry!
Umbridge (looking at Hermione): Tell me what?
Hermione: Well, if you won't tell her where it is, I will.
Umbridge: Where what is?
Hermione: Dumbledore's secret weapon.
[Umbridge, Harry and Hermione walk into the Forbidden Forest to find the secret weapon.]
Umbridge: How much further?
Hermione: Not far. It had to be somewhere students won't find it accidentally.
Umbridge (insects buzzing): Ooh!
Harry (whispers): What are you doing?
Hermione (whispers): Improvising.
[Creatures squawk in the distance as Umbridge, Harry and Hermione spot a rope tied to a tree. Hermione looks at it.]
Umbridge: Well? (Hermione turns around) Where is this weapon? There isn't one, is there? (Harry and Hermione look around) You were trying to trick me. (Harry and Hermione look at each other) You know, I really hate children. (Rustle and hoofbeats sound in the distance. She sees centaurs. while pointing) You have no business here, centaur. This is a Ministry matter. (A centaur readies the arrow) Lower your weapons, I warn you. Under the law, as creatures of near-human intelligence (A creature shoots an arrow and she deflects it) How dare you! You filthy half-breed! Incarcerous!
[Umbridge casts a rope on the centaur, it chokes and neighs loudly. It falls to the ground. It neighs louder. Hermione goes to the centaur.]
Hermione: Please, please stop it! Please!
Umbridge: No, enough! I will have order!
[Grawp grabs Umbridge and she rises]
Centaurs: Hyah! Yah!
[The centaurs come charging. A centaur unties the rope.]
Umbridge: You filthy animal! Do you know who I am?!
Hermione: Leave him alone! It's not his fault. No! He doesn't understand.
[Centaurs fire at Umbridge and she gasps. Grawp drops her.]
Umbridge: Potter, do something! (as the centaurs take her away) Tell them I mean no harm!
Harry: I'm sorry, Professor. I must not tell lies.
Umbridge: What are you doing?! I am Senior Undersecretary Dolores Jane Umbridge! Let me go...!
[Grawp takes an arrow off him.]
Hermione: Thank you, Grawp.
Harry: Hermione, Hermione, Sirius.
[Harry and Hermione run away from the Forbidden Forest to meet up with Dumbledore's Army.]
Hermione: How'd you get away?
Ginny: Puking Pastilles, it wasn't pretty.
Ron (giving something to Harry): Told them I was hungry, wanted some sweets. 'Course, they told me to bugger off and ate the lot themselves.
Hermione: That was clever, Ron.
Ron: It was bound to happen.
Neville: It was brilliant! So, how are we getting to London?
Harry: Look, it's not that I don't appreciate everything you've done, all of you, but I've got you into enough trouble as it is. (he tries to walk away)
Neville: Dumbledore's Army is supposed to be about doing something real. Or was all that just words to you?
Ron: Maybe you don't have to do this all by yourself, mate.
Harry (after thinking): So, how are we going to get to London?
Luna (zooming in): We fly, of course.
[Dumbledore's Army flies away from Hogwarts on Thestrals. They flap their wings as they travel to London to the Ministry of Magic. Thunder crashes. Dumbledore's Army arrives at the Ministry of Magic and they run to an elevator. The elevator dings and the lift opens.]
Woman's Voice: Department of Mysteries.
[The camera shows the pathway to the Department of Mysteries.]
Harry: This is it. (Dumbledore's Army walks into the Department of Mysteries. They look inside. A low rumble sounds. They turn around to see the noise. They turn back. as he walks) 92, 93 (he pants) 94, 95. (he looks at the floor, echoing) It should be here.
Neville (looking at the glass sphere); Harry. It's got your name on it.
[The camera shows in on the glass sphere. Dumbledore's Army looks at it. They exhale as Harry turns around and look back. A faint tinkle is heard. Harry takes the glass sphere.]
Trelawney: The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches. And the Dark Lord shall mark him as his equal, but he shall have power the Dark Lord knows not. (Harry looks at it. Dumbledore's Army stares at him.) For neither can live while the other survives.
[A low, eerie whoosh sounds. ]
Hermione; Harry!
[Harry turns around and walks back to the Army. Death Eaters approach. Lucius approaches Dumbledore's Army.]
Harry: Where's Sirius?
Lucius: You know, you really should learn to tell the difference between dreams (he removes the hood) and reality. You saw only what the Dark Lord wanted you to see. Now, hand me the prophecy.
Harry: You do anything to us, I'll break it.
Bellatrix (laughing) He knows how to play, itty-bitty, baby, Potter.
Neville: Bellatrix Lestrange.
Bellatrix: Neville Longbottom, is it? How's Mom and Dad?
Neville: Better, now they're about to be avenged. (he's about to cast something but Bellatrix deflects it)
Lucius: Now, let's everybody just calm down. Shall we? All we want is that prophecy.
Harry: Why did Voldemort need me to come and get this?
Bellatrix: You dare speak his name? You filthy half-blood!
Lucius: It's all right, he's just a curious lad, aren't you? Prophecies can only be retrieved by those about whom they are made. Which is lucky for you, really. (as more Death Eaters approach) Haven't you always wondered what was the reason for the connection between you and the Dark Lord? Hm? Why he was unable to kill you when you were just an infant? Don't you want to know the secret of your scar? All the answers are there, Potter, in your hand. All you have to do is give it to me, and I can show you everything.
[Death Eaters approach slowly. Dumbledore's Army turns around as Death Eaters approach them.]
Harry: I've waited 14 years.
Lucius: I know.
Harry: I guess I can wait a little longer. Now!
Dumbledore's Army: Stupefy!
[The Death Eaters lunge backwards. Dumbledore's Army runs as Lucius shows a hand for the prophecy. They run away from Lucius. Luna sees a Death Eater and falls to the ground.]
Luna: Levicorpus!
[The Death Eater goes backwards. Harry and Ron run through the aisles.]
Neville; Petrificus Totalus!
Luna: Well done, Neville!
[Neville and Luna run away from the Death Eater lying on the floor. Hermione, Ron and Harry see Death Eaters approach.]
Harry: Stupefy.
[The Death Eater goes backwards.]
Hermione: Stupefy!
Ron (trembling): Stupefy!
[The Death Eater deflects the spell. A Death Eater comes close to Harry. Death Eaters comes close as Hermione casts a spell. Glass spheres start to fall down, eventually hitting the Death Eater.]
Harry: Stupefy!
[Death Eater goes away. Hermione squeals as Dumbledore's Army as a figure ]
Ginny: Reducto!
[The spell hits the figure. Glass starts to tinkle as spheres start falling. As it comes close, Neville takes Luna.]
Harry: Get back to the door!
[Dumbledore's Army start to run as spheres start to fall behind them. They turn a corner as spheres continue to fall, eventually reaching the exit. Shelves begin to fall. They fall out of the Department of Mysteries. The door to the Department of Mysteries closes as they fall to the ground. A spell keeps them in air before they hit the ground. Harry looks at the glass sphere. Dumbledore's Army stand to their feet.]
Ron: Department of Mysteries. They had that bit right, didn't they?
[Eerie voices whispers. Dumbledore's Army looks at the veil.]
Harry: The voices. Can you tell what they're saying?
Hermione: There aren't any voices, Harry. Let's get out of here.
Luna: I hear them too.
[They walk close to the veil.]
Hermione: Harry, it's just an empty archway. (The whispering voices grow louder.) Please, Harry.
Harry: Get behind me!
[Dumbledore's Army get behind Harry before Death Eaters approach and take all of Harry's friends.]
Hermione: C-Come on!
[Death Eaters surround Dumbledore's Army. Harry falls to the floor. Moments later, he gets up and sees every member surrounded by Death Eaters. He approaches Lucius.]
Lucius: Did you actually believe, or were you truly naive enough to think that children stood a chance against us? I'll make this simple for you, Potter. (he stretches out a hand) Give me the prophecy now, or watch your friends die.
[Harry looks around. A person cries quietly.]
Neville: Don't give it to him, Harry!
Bellatrix: Shh!
[Harry hands the prophecy over to Lucius. Lucius looks at it. Order of the phoenix members arrive.]
Sirius: Get away from my godson. (He punches Lucius as more members arrive. Death Eaters fly away. The sphere breaks. Harry's friends are rescued. A spell hits the dais. He deflects it. The battle ensures. Sirius takes Harry to a corner away from the spell. Dumbledore's Army separate.) Now, listen to me, I want you to take the others and get out of here.
Harry: What? No, I'm staying with you.
Sirius: You've done beautifully. Now, let me take it from here.
Lucius: Black!
[The battle goes on. Lucius takes out his wand. Death Eater comes into view. Lucius and a Death Eater casts a spell, Harry and Sirius deflects it. They cast spells at them. Dumbledore's Army take cover. More wizards do battle. Death Eaters and Order members fly away. Bellatrix laughs. A Death Eater falls backwards as Mad-Eye Moody thumps his walking stick. They cast a spell at a Death Eater.]
Harry: Expelliarmus!
[The wand flies backwards.]
Sirius: Nice one, James!
[More spells are cast. Lucius's wand flies backwards. Lucius falls backwards.]
Bellatrix: Avada Kedavra!
[Bellatrix casts the spell. It hits Sirius. Harry looks back before looking at Sirius. Sirius goes inside the veil, flies backwards to his death and disappears. Harry sees only the veil. Lupin grabs hold of Harry. Harry tries to resist and cries. He screams. Harry sees Bellatrix. Bellatrix turns and leaves. Harry let go of Lupin's grip and runs after Bellatrix.]
Bellatrix (in a singsong voice): I killed Sirius Black! (she laughs) He's coming to get me!
Harry: Crucio!
[Bellatrix laughs as the spell hits her. She gasps and pants. Harry whimpers.]
Voldemort (distorted): You've got to mean it, Harry. She killed him. She deserves it. You know the spell, Harry. (He comes into the Ministry of Magic in a deep, echoing hiss.  Bellatrix laughs.) Do it! (The wand clatters to the ground. Harry trembles and pants.) So weak.
[Dumbledore enters the Ministry of Magic through a fireplace.]
Dumbledore: It was foolish of you to come here tonight, Tom. The Orders are on their way.
Voldemort: By which time I shall be gone, and you shall be dead.
[Voldemort and Dumbledore begin to duel. Harry takes cover. Bellatrix vanishes in a fireplace. The beam comes close to Dumbledore. The wall pieces begin to fall. A fierce hiss is heard. Voldemort breathes out a fire dragon. Voldemort laughs. Dumbledore uses Protego to prevent the dragon coming close. Water comes through. Voldemort gets washed up. Dumbledore uses magic to control it. Harry falls back. Voldemort casts another spell. Dumbledore deflects it. Voldemort yells as Dumbledore falls, the glass on the windows break and the poster splits apart. The glass falls down and comes close to them as Dumbledore protects the glass coming nearer. Dumbledore and Harry stand up. Voldemort vanishes. Harry gasps and falls to the floor. Dumbledore turns back and looks at Harry.]
Voldemort's voice: You've lost, old man.
[Harry yells as a echoed scream travels through past memories. Harry struggles on the floor. He grunts and pants.]
Dumbledore: Harry.
[Harry struggles as we travel through more past memories.]
Voldemort: So weak. So vulnerable. (More past memories are shown. Harry's face turn to Voldemort.) Look at me.
Dumbledore: Harry. It isn't how you are alike, it's how you're not. (Harry tries to get up, but struggles again.) Harry.
[Harry is on the ground as Dumbledore's Army comes into view and sees Dumbledore with Harry. More past memories are seen.]
Harry: You're the weak one, and you'll never know love, or friendship. And I feel sorry for you.
[More past memories are shown. Afterwards, river courses through Harry, sucking in his shirt.]
Voldemort (coming close): You're a fool, Harry Potter, and you will lose everything.
[Ministry workers arrive at the Ministry of Magic. Voldemort disappears.]
Fudge: He's back.
[Everyone comes close to Harry. Dumbledore lays Harry on his stomach. We travel through the newspaper. We then see Umbridge suspended from Hogwarts for pending investigation. We eventually arrive back at Hogwarts. The headmaster is reinstated. Harry packs his clothes in his suitcase. He looks at something, puts it in his suitcase, closes it and locks it. He sits on the bed.]
Dumbledore (once we're in his office): I know how you feel, Harry.
Harry: No, you don't. It's my fault.
Dumbledore: No, the fault is mine. I knew it was only a matter of time before Voldemort made the connection between you. I thought by distancing myself from you, as I have done all year, he'd be less tempted, and, therefore, you might be more protected.
Harry (after silence): The prophecy said "Neither one can live while the other one survives." It means one of us is gonna have to kill the other, in the end.
Dumbledore (after silence): Yes.
Harry: Why didn't you tell me?
Dumbledore: For the same reason you tried to save Sirius. The same reason your friends saved you. After all these years, after all you have suffered, I didn't want to cause you any more pain. I care too much about you.
[We see the staircases of Hogwarts and paintings. Harry walks down the steps. Students converse indistinctly. Filch hangs up a painting. Harry meets Luna who hangs up signs she has lost.]
Harry: How come you're not at the feast?
Luna (turning around): Lost all my possessions. Apparently, people have been hiding them.
Harry: That's awful.
Luna: Oh, it's all good fun. But as it's the last night, I really do need them back.
Harry: Do you want any help finding them?
Luna (hanging up more signs): I'm sorry about your godfather, Harry. (She holds Harry's hand)
Harry: Are you sure you don't want any help looking?
Luna: That's all right. Anyway, my mum always said the things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end. (looking at the shoes) If not always in the way we expect. Think I'll just go have some pudding.
[Luna leaves Harry in a gallop. Students are leaving Hogwarts with their owl cages. They aboard the Hogwarts Express. Luggage are imported onto the train. Students walk into the station. Harry meets up with Ron and Hermione.]
Harry: I've been thinking about something Dumbledore said to me.
Hermione: What's that?
Harry: That even though we've got a fight ahead of us, we've got one thing that Voldemort doesn't have.
Ron: Yeah?
Harry: Something worth fighting for.
[They reach the station. The train whistle blows as we get a look at the landscape of Hogsmeade Station and a last look of Hogwarts.]
THE END