[The Warner Bros. logo is shown on a dark, cloudy sky. A faint ticking sound is heard as the logo comes toward us and Hedwig's Theme plays quietly. The title advances toward the viewer as foreboding music plays. A sound is heard. Scrimgeour's eyes are shown as he addresses a group of Ministry employees and reporters.]
Scrimgeour: These are dark times, there is no denying. Our world has perhaps faced no greater threat than it does today.
[The camera pans out to reveal his whole face.]
Scrimgeour: But I say this to our citizenry. We, ever your servants, will continue to defend your liberty and repel the forces that seek to take it from you. Your ministry remains strong.
[The photographers take pictures of Scrimgeour. Hermione is up in her room with a copy of the Daily Prophet on her bed. The headline reads: "Dark Mark Sparks Panic". The camera pans out to show the headline of another article: "Violence Spreads: Muggle Family Murdered". Hermione puts the paper down. It is raining outside as evidenced by the rain on her window. Her mom calls up to her.]
Mrs. Granger: Hermione. Tea's ready, darling.
Hermione: Coming, Mum.
[The Dursley house at 4 Privet Drive: Vernon, Petunia and Dudley are preparing to leave.]
Vernon: Come on, Dudley, hurry up.
Dudley: I still don't understand why we have to leave.
Vernon: Because, uh, it's not safe for us here anymore. (Harry is looking out his bedroom window)
[The scene cuts to the Burrow where Ron is outside staring into the distance.]
Molly: Ron, tell your father supper's nearly ready.
[Mr. and Mrs. Granger are watching a documentary on TV.]
Mr. Granger: Is this in Australia?
Mrs. Granger: Looks wonderful, doesn't it?
Narrator: Three and a half thousand kilometers along Australia's east coast.
Hermione (quietly pulling out her hand): Obliviate.
[Hermione is removing any memories of her from her parents' minds by using her wand to wipe her image from the family photos. Petunia is quietly sitting in the car; Vernon is standing outside as Dudley walks back to the car. Camera pans out to show Harry. Cut to the Granger residence as Hermione is walking away from the house down the street with her bag. Fade to black as the title advances toward the viewer as foreboding music plays. The film title zooms inward. A dark figure goes swirling through the streets. It is Snape. He takes out his wand to use a protective charm. Snape goes through the gate of Malfoy Manor as it twirls around. Snape enters the mansion and walks up the stairs. In the room at the top, numerous Death Eaters, including Bellatrix and the Malfoy family are sitting and talking. At the head of the table is their leader, Voldemort. At the opposite end is Peter Pettigrew, AKA Wormtail, standing next to a levitating woman, Charity Burbage.]
Voldemort: Severus. (Snape glances at him.) I was beginning to worry you had lost your way. Come. We've saved you a seat. (As Snape walks to the chair Voldemort has reserved for him) You bring news, I trust?
Snape: It will happen Saturday next, at nightfall.
Yaxley: I've heard differently, my Lord. Dawlish, the Auror, has let slip that the Potter boy will not be moved until the 30th of this month. The day before he turns 17.
Snape: This is a false trail. The Auror Office no longer plays any part in the protection of Harry Potter. Those closest to him believe we have infiltrated the Ministry.
Squat Death Eater: Well, they got that right, haven't they?
[Everyone laughs.]
Voldemort: What say you, Pius?
Pius Thickness (under the Imperius Curse): One hears many things, my Lord. Whether the truth is among them is not clear.
Voldemort: Heh. Spoken like a true politician. You will, I think, prove most useful, Pius. Where will he be taken, the boy?
Snape: To a safe house. Most likely the home of someone in the Order. I'm told it's been given every manner of protection possible. Once there, it will be impractical to attack him.
Bellatrix (clearing her throat and Voldemort turns to her): My Lord. I'd like to volunteer myself for this task. I want to kill the boy.
[Screaming is heard from the cellar.]
Voldemort: Wormtail! (the people at the table turn to Wormtail) Have I not spoken to you about keeping our guest quiet?
Wormtail: Yes, my Lord. Right away, my Lord.
Voldemort: As inspiring as I find your blood-lust, Bellatrix, I must be the one to kill Harry Potter. (Bellatrix looks down and as he stands) But I face an unfortunate complication. That my wand and Potter's share the same core. (as he walks) They are, in some ways, twins. We can wound, but not fatally harm one another. (he puts the wand down, as he walks) If I am to kill him, I must do it with another's wand. Come, surely one of you would like the honor? Mm? (he holds on chairs) What about you, Lucius?
Lucius (looking at Voldemort): My Lord?
Voldemort (mockingly): "My Lord?" I require your wand. (He stretches out his hand and Lucius reluctantly hands his wand over to him) Do I detect elm?
Lucius: Yes, my Lord.
Voldemort (after he breaks the handle off of the wand): And the core?
Lucius: Dragon. (he clears his throat) Dragon heartstring, my Lord.
Voldemort: Dragon heartstring. Mm. (He throws something at the table. Charity Burbage floats over the table.) To those of you who do not know, we are joined tonight by Miss Charity Burbage (as Nagini starts to move toward the table) who, until recently, taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Her specialty was Muggle Studies. (Everyone laughs) It is Miss Burbage's belief that Muggles are not so different from us. She would, given her way, have us mate with them. (Bellatrix gags in disgust and everyone laughs.) To her, the mixture of magical and Muggle blood is not an abomination (he sits down) but something to be encouraged.
Charity: Severus. Severus, please. We're friends.
Voldemort (as he casts the spell and Charity falls on the table): Avada Kedavra! (Everyone stares at Charity. as he lets Nagini on the table.) Nagini. Dinner.
[The snake slithers across the table. Everyone moves their hands out of the way. Dumbledore floats backwards to his death. Harry is in his bedroom, looking at a mirror. An owl hoots. He looks at Hedwig. He packs his things in his rucksack and closes it. He takes his things downstairs. Harry opens the cupboard door and looks inside. He turns on the light and takes something from the shelf. He turns off the light and opens the door to see his friends.]
Hagrid: Hello, Harry.
Harry (hugging Ron): All right. Wow. (hugging Hermione) Hello.
Hagrid: You're looking fit.
Moody (walking inside the house): Yeah, he's absolutely gorgeous. What say we get undercover before someone murders him?
Harry: Evening. (they walk into the Dursley's living room. to Shacklebolt) Kingsley, I thought you were looking after the Prime Minister.
Shacklebolt: You are more important.
Bill: Hello, Harry. (stretching out his hand) Bill Weasley.
Harry (shaking Bill's hand): Oh. Pleasure to meet you.
Fred: He was never always this handsome.
Fleur: Harry.
George: Dead ugly.
Bill: True enough. Owe it all to a werewolf, name of Greyback. (scars are seen on his face) Hope to repay the favor one day.
Fleur: You're still beautiful to me, William. (she gives him a kiss)
Lupin: Just remember, Fleur, Bill takes his steaks on the raw side now. (someone laughs)
Tonks: My husband, the joker. By the way, wait till you hear the news. Remus and I--
Moody (walking inside): All right. We'll have time for a cozy catch-up later. We've got to get the hell out of here. And soon. Potter, you're underage, which means you've still got the Trace on you.
Harry; What's the Trace?
Moody: If you sneeze, the Ministry will know who wipes your nose. The point is we have to use those means of transport the Trace can't detect: Brooms, Thestrals and the bike. We go in pairs. That way, if anyone's out there waiting for us, and I reckon there will be, they won't know which Harry Potter is the real one.
Harry: The real one?
Moody (pulling out a flask with Polyjuice Potion): I believe you're familiar with this particular brew. (the flask opens)
Harry (sarcastically): No. Absolutely not.
Hermione: I told you he'd take it well.
Harry: No, if you think I'm gonna let everyone risk their lives for me, I--
Ron: Never done that before, have we?
Harry (turning to Ron): No. No. This is different. I mean, taking that, becoming me. No.
Fred: Well, none of us really fancy it, mate.
George: Yeah, imagine if something went wrong, and we ended up a scrawny, specky git forever.
Moody: Everyone here is of age, Potter. They've all agreed to take the risk.
Mundungus (clearing his throat): Technically, I've been coerced. (turning to Harry) Mundungus Fletcher, Mr. Potter. Always been a huge admirer.
Moody: Nip it, Mundungus. (as some turn to Moody) All right, Granger, as discussed.
Harry (Hermione pulls a bunch of hair from his head for the potion): Blimey, Hermione.
Moody: Straight in here, if you please. (Hermione puts Harry's hair in the flask. It fizzles and Moody shakes the bottle. As he walks to the group) For those of you who haven't taken Polyjuice Potion before, fair warning: It tastes like goblin piss.
Fred: Have a lot of experiences with that, do you, Mad-Eye? Just trying to diffuse the tension. (after drinking it) Oh.
[Fred squat down.]
George: Ugh.
[George squat down. He hands it to Mundungus, then Fleur, then Ron and Hermione. Moody takes the flask from Hermione as the view turns around before revealing Potters without glasses.]
Fred and George: Wow, we're identical.
Moody (as Hedwig screeches): Not yet, you're not. (he drops a pile of identical clothes on the floor)
George (as they get shirts): Haven't got anything a bit more sporting, have you?
Fred: Yeah, I don't really fancy this color.
Moody: Well, fancy this, you're not you. So shut it and strip.
Mundungus: All right, all right.
Moody: You'll need to change too, Potter.
Fleur (after being transformed into Harry, she turns her back on Bill as she begins undressing): Bill, look away. I'm hideous.
Ron: I knew she was lying about that tattoo.
Hermione (putting on Harry's glasses): Harry, your eyesight really is awful.
Moody: Right, then. We'll be pairing off. Each Potter will have a protector. Mundungus, stick tight to me. I wanna keep an eye on ya. As for Harry--
All: Yes?
Moody: The real Harry. Where the devil are you, anyway?
Harry (steps out from the back of the room amongst the other Potters): Here.
Moody: You'll ride with Hagrid.
Hagrid (as the real Harry turns around): I brought you here 16 years ago when you were no bigger than a Bowtruckle. Seems only right that I should be the one to take you away now.
Moody: Yes, it's all very touching. Let's go.
[Everyone leaves 4 Privet Drive. Harry stands in the doorway and releases Hedwig. The owl screeches.]
Moody (after turning around): Head for the Burrows. (A thestral neighs) We'll rendezvous there. On the count of three. (he thomps his stick)
Hagrid: Hold tight, Harry.
[Hagrid presses on the accelerator and the motorbike turns on.]
Moody: One, two (one of the Potters turns to see the motorcycle, Thestrals neigh, pounding his stick) three!
[The six Potters take off. Moody ducks as two other vehicles take flight. Harry turns to Moody. He flies onward. Thunder sounds. As Harry and Hagrid ride forward, they see Death Eaters.]
Death Eaters: Which one? Where are you? (they cast spells) He's on your right! He's over there! Down!
[A spell is cast. Harry looks back then turns around.]
Harry: Hagrid, we have to help the others!
Hagrid: I can't do that, Harry. Mad-Eye's orders. (he presses a button and fire blasts. Death Eaters join them. He and Harry reach the main roads.) Hang on.
[Death Eaters cast spells on the bike.]
Harry: Stupefy! (he hits a Death Eater)
[Death Eater casts a spell on the vehicle as it spins and the back of the vehicle breaks apart. More spells are cast.]
Hagrid: Hang on, Harry.
[Hagrid puts his left foot down and they go on the top of the tunnel. Harry hangs in the air. They go back down. A spell is cast.
Harry: Hagrid.
[The motorcycle tries to scrape. They exit the tunnel and rise back into the air. Death Eater casts a spell. Hedwig flies and attempts to protect Harry, but a Death Eater casts the Killing Curse.]
Harry (as Hedwig falls to the ground): No. No.
[Harry turns back as Death Eater flies away and turns around. His scar starts to cause him pain as Voldemort appears.]
Voldemort: Harry.
[Voldemort flies to the motorcycle. Harry raises his wand and they duel in mid-air. We see a closeup of Voldemort's wand splintering. The fire bursts out of the motorcycle. Voldemort screams in defeat and knocks down the nearby power lines. Hagrid fires the afterburners as they descend toward the Burrow. The fire stops on the way there. Harry turns back and turns around again. Molly looks up and hears a loud noise. The motorcycle slams down hard and crashes a few times through the swamp before coming to a stop. Harry looks at Hagrid as Hagrid looks at him.]
Molly (running to meet them): Harry. Hagrid. (Ginny comes out with her.) What happened? Where are the others?
Harry: Is no one else back?
Hagrid: They were on us right from the start, Molly. We didn't stand a chance.
Molly: Well, thank goodness you two are all right.
Hagrid: The Death Eaters were waiting for us. It was an ambush.
Ginny (walking up to Harry): Ron and Tonks should've already been back. Dad and Fred as well.
[An sound is heard. Harry and Ginny turn at the sound)
Lupin (helping an injured George into the Burrow): Here! Quick. Into the house.
[Harry carries George and Lupin into the house.]
Molly: Oh, my boy. Oh. Oh.
[As Harry, Hagrid, Lupin, and an injured George arrive at the Burrow, Lupin turns to Harry, holds him up against the wall, pointing his wand at him.]
Hagrid: Lupin!
Ginny: What are you doing?!
Lupin: Shh! What creature sat in the corner the first time Harry Potter visited my office in Hogwarts?
Harry: ARE YOU MAD?!
Lupin: WHAT CREATURE?!!
Harry: A-A GRINDYLOW!
Lupin (releases Harry, remorsefully): We've been betrayed. Voldemort knew you were being moved tonight. I had to make sure you're not an impostor. (Harry nods in agreement. He turns and bolts outside the Burrow after hearing Shacklebolt and Hermione arrive.) Wait! (he points his wand at Shacklebolt)
Shacklebolt (pointing his wand at Lupin): The last words that Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us?
Lupin: "Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him."
Shacklebolt (after lowering his wand, to Harry): What gave you away?
Harry: Hedwig, I think. She was trying to protect me.
[Another sound is heard. Ron and Tonks arrive at the Burrow. Hermione runs to them.]
Ron (Hermione runs to Ron-Harry and hugs him; he transforms back into himself): Thanks.
Tonks: Deserves that. Brilliant, he was. (she hugs Lupin) I wouldn't be standing here without him.
Hermione: Really?
Ron (looking at Hermione): Always the tone of surprise.
[Hermione takes off Ron's glasses. Harry runs to and hugs his best friends. Another sound is heard. Fred and Arthur arrive. Fred takes off his glasses.]
Arthur (patting each other on shoulder): We the last back? Where's George?
[Molly feels George's face and turns around. Everyone who arrived looks at George.]
Fred (walking into the Burrow and sees his injured twin brother laying on the couch): How you feeling, Georgie?
George (quietly): Saint-like.
Fred (confused pause): Come again?
George: Saint-like. I'm holy, I’m holy, Fred. (he points to spot where part of his ear is missing) Get it?
Fred (laughing quietly): The whole wide world of ear-related humor, and you go for, "I'm holy"? You're pathetic.
George: Reckon I'm still better looking than you.
Bill (stepping up): Mad-Eye's dead. (Harry looks at him. Lupin sits down and Arthur turns to him.) Mundungus took one look at Voldemort and Disapparated.
[Harry and Ron take one last look at George. The scene changes to Ron's bedroom. Harry and Ron are sleeping.]
Moody (in flashback): Head for the Burrows. (photo taken)
Dumbledore: This is beyond anything I imagined.
Voices: Seven? Seven...? A Horcrux.
Harry: They could be hidden anywhere.
Slughorn: To rip the soul into seven pieces....
Harry: If you did destroy each Horcrux....
Dumbledore: One destroys Voldemort. (more photos) Trust me.
Voldemort: You lied to me. Lied to me, Ollivander.
[Harry wakes up. He takes his wand, closes the front door and tries to leave the Burrow. Moments later, Ron opens the door to see Harry off.]
Ron (catching up to Harry): Going somewhere?
Harry (after turning around): Nobody else is going to die. Not for me.
Ron (after Harry turns back): For you? You think Mad-Eye died for you? You think George took that curse for you? (Harry turns to him) You may be the Chosen One, mate, but this is a whole lot bigger than that. It's always been bigger than that.
Harry: Come with me.
Ron: What, and leave Hermione? You mad? We wouldn't last two days without her. (he looks back) Don't tell her I said that. Besides, you've still got the Trace on you. We've still got the wedding--
Harry: I don't care about a wedding. I'm sorry. No matter whose it is. I have to start finding these Horcruxes. They're our only chance to beat him, and the longer we stay here, the stronger he gets.
Ron: Tonight's not the night, mate. We'd only be doing him a favor. (after silence, Harry drops his rucksack and turns around, Ron picks it up. After Ron puts the rucksack on his shoulder, Harry looks back, and as they walk back inside) Do you think he knows? I mean, they're bits of his soul, these Horcruxes. Bits of him. When Dumbledore destroyed the ring, you destroyed Tom Riddle's diary, he must have felt something. To kill the other Horcruxes, we have to find them. Where are they? Where do we start?
[Harry and Ron walk inside the Burrow and close the door.]
Fred: Ready when you are.
Arthur: Please pay attention! It's your brother's wedding. Buck up.
[Harry picks up and looks at a newspaper. Dumbledore closes the doors.
Ginny (to Harry): Zip me up, will you? (Harry looks and walks up to her. It seems silly, doesn't it, a wedding? Given everything that's going on.
Harry: Maybe that's the best reason to have it because of everything that's going on.
[Ginny turns to him, and they kiss. George sneaks into the kitchen silently; he stirs a cup of tea and sticks the spoon in the hole where the missing part of his ear was. Ginny spots him and stops kissing Harry, and the two stare at George.]
George: Morning.
[George takes a sip of coffee. Ginny leaves Harry.]
Arthur: Come on, keep up. All together now. One, two, three. (All the Weasleys, Hagrid and Harry set up the tent for the wedding using their wands.) How's it looking at your end, boys?
Ron, Fred, George, Bill: Brilliant.
[Suddenly, Scrimgeour comes to the Burrow.
George (notices Scrimgeour heading towards the Burrow): Bloody hell. What's the Minister of Magic doing here?
[The Trio find Scrimgeour sitting in the living room.]
Harry: To what do we owe the pleasure, Minister?
Scrimgeour: I think we both know the answer to that question, Mr. Potter. (he places a wrapped package on the table and then pulls out Dumbledore's Will)
Harry: And this is...?
Scrimgeour (holding up and reading the will): "Herein is set forth the last will and testament of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. First, to Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave my Deluminator, a device of my own making, (while unwrapping it)in the hope that, when things seem most dark, it will show him the light." (he gives it to Ron)
[Ron unwraps the Deluminator. Harry and Hermione look at it.]
Ron: Dumbledore left this for me?
Scrimgeour: Yeah.
Ron: Brilliant. What is it? (he turns it on; the lights in the Burrow go out. He turns it off and the lights turn back on) Wicked.
Scrimgeour (turning back to the will): "To Hermione Jean Granger, I leave my copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in the hope that she find it entertaining and instructive." (he hands Hermione the book)
Ron (about Hermione's copy of "The Tales of Beedle the Bard"):  Mum used to read those. "The Wizard and the Hopping Pot," "Babbity Rabbity and the Cackling Stump". (Harry and Hermione both look lost) Come on! Babbity Rabbity. No?
Scrimgeour (continues): "To Harry James Potter, I leave the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a reminder of the rewards of perseverance (unwraps it) and skill." (he hands Harry the Snitch. Harry examines it)
Harry: Is that it, then?
Scrimgeour: Not quite. Dumbledore left you a second bequest: The sword of Godric Gryffindor. Unfortunately, the sword of Gryffindor was not Dumbledore's to give away. As an important historical artifact, it belongs--
Hermione (interrupting Scrimgeour): To Harry. (Harry and Ron look at her) It belongs to Harry. It came to him when he most needed it in the Chamber of Secrets.
Scrimgeour: The sword may present itself to any worthy Gryffindor, Miss Granger. That does not make it that wizard's property. And in any event, the current whereabouts of the sword are unknown.
Harry: Excuse me?
Scrimgeour: The sword is missing. I don't know what you're up to, Mr. Potter, but you can't fight this war on your own. He's too strong.
[We start the scene on the outskirts of the tent. The wedding is in full swing. People are enjoying the wedding. Harry notices a Snitch and takes it. Harry walks into the tent as the crowd applauds as Bill and Fleur go up and down and twirl. The wine glasses fill up with water. Luna and Xenophilius twirl around. We notice Elphias Doge.]
Luna (as Harry comes close to her): Hello, Harry. I've interrupted a deep thought, haven't I? I can see it growing smaller in your eyes.
Harry: Of course not. How are you, Luna?
Luna: Very well. Got bitten by a garden gnome only moments ago.
Xenophilius: Gnome saliva is very beneficial. (he kisses Luna then introduce himself to Harry) Xenophilius Lovegood. We live just over the hill.
Harry (shaking his hand): Very nice to meet you, sir.
Xenophilius (whispering to Harry): I trust you know, Mr. Potter, that we at The Quibbler, unlike those toadies at The Daily Prophet, fully supported Dumbledore in his lifetime, and, in his death, support you just as fully.
Harry: Thank you.
Luna (to her father): Come, Daddy. Harry doesn't want to talk to us right now. He's just too polite to say so.
Xenophilius (whispering as he walks away): Harry Potter.
[Harry walks to find Elphias Doge.]
Harry (to Elphias Doge): Excuse me, sir? May I sit down?
Elphias: Mr. Potter. By all means. Here.
Harry: Thanks. (he sits down) I found what you wrote in The Daily Prophet really moving. You obviously knew Dumbledore well.
Elphias: Well, I certainly knew him the longest. That is, if you don't count his brother, Aberforth, and somehow, people never do seem to count Aberforth.
Harry: I didn't even know he had a brother.
Elphias: Ah. Well, Dumbledore was always very private, even as a boy.
Aunt Muriel: Don't despair, Elphias. I'm told he's been thoroughly unriddled by Rita Skeeter in 800 pages, no less. Word has it that someone talked to her. Someone who knew the Dumbledore family well. Both you and I know who that is, Elphias.
Elphias: A monstrous betrayal.
Harry (confused): Who are we talking about?
Muriel: Bathilda Bagshot.
Harry: Who?
Muriel: My God, boy, she's only the most celebrated magical historian of the last century. She was as close to the Dumbledores as anyone. Oh, I'm sure Rita Skeeter thought it well worth a trip to Godric's Hollow to take a peek into that old bird's rattled cage.
Harry: Godric's Hollow? Bathilda Bagshot lives at Godric's Hollow?
Muriel: Well, that's where she first met Dumbledore.
Harry: You don't mean to say he lived there too?
Muriel: The family moved there after his father killed those three Muggles. Oh, it was quite the scandal. Honestly, my boy, are you sure you knew him at all?
[Harry gets up from his chair. Suddenly, a Patronus enters the wedding tent.]
Shacklebolt (via Patronus): The Ministry has fallen. The Minister of Magic is dead. They are coming. They are coming. They are coming.
[The Patronus vanishes.]
Someone: They're coming!
[Molly moves in front. Bill and Fleur look at each other.
Elphias: Nice meeting you, Mr. Potter.
[Elphias Disapparates as Death Eaters arrive and attack the tent. A Death Eater hits a lamp. Harry goes looking for Ron and Hermione. He runs and try to save Ginny.]
Harry: Ginny!
Lupin (stops Harry): Harry! Go! Go!
[Lupin pushes Harry away. The trio Disapparate to Shaftesbury Avenue and nearly avoid getting hit by a double decker bus. They walk to a corner.]
Man in costume: Here you go. Sightseeing tour? Leaves in 15 minutes.
Ron: Where are we?
Hermione: Shaftesbury Avenue. I used to come to the theater here with Mom and Dad. I don't know why I thought of it. It just popped into my head. This way.
[They walk down an alley.]
Hermione: We need to change.
[Ron and Harry look at each other’s dress robes. From the purse, Hermione extracts. in quick succession. two pairs of jeans, T-shirts, and a pair of light overcoats.]
Ron: How the ruddy...?
Hermione: Undetectable Extension Charm.
Ron: You're amazing, you are.
Hermione: Always the tone of surprise.
[A thudding sound is heard inside the bag.]
Hermione: Ah. That'll be the books.
[We cut to the inside of the Tottenham Court Road café.]
Harry: What about all the people at the wedding? Do you think we should go back?
Ron: They were after you, mate. We'd put everyone in danger by going back.
[The waitress walks to their table.]
Hermione: Ron's right.
[The waitress walks to the table and clears her throat.]
Waitress: Coffee?
Hermione: A cappuccino, please.
Waitress: You?
Ron: What she said.
Harry: Same.
[The waitress starts walking away.]
Ron: So where do we go from here? Leaky Cauldron?
Hermione: It's too dangerous. If Voldemort really has taken over the Ministry, none of the old places are safe. Everyone from the wedding will have gone underground, into hiding.
Harry: My rucksack with all my things, I've left it at the Burrow.
[Two Death Eaters, Thorfinn Rowle and Antonin Dolohov, disguised as construction workers, enter the café. Hermione looks at them as they walk to the counter.]
Harry: You're joking.
Hermione: I've had all the essentials packed for days, just in case.
Ron: By the way, these jeans, not my favorite.
[Antonin Dolohov is seen with his wand out at the counter. he and Thorfinn Rowle turn around and attack the trio. The waitress is in the kitchen oblivious to what's going on outside.]
Harry: Down! (hits Rowle) Stupefy!
[The jet of red light hits the biggest Death Eater straight in the face and he crumples instantly.]
Dolohov: Expulso!
[The table behind Harry explodes and the spell ricochets, shattering the security mirror, sending shards raining everywhere, including one that laces Hermione’s cheek, then striking the cappuccino machine, which sprays hot liquid all over the Death Eater. He bellows in pain and Hermione and Ron hit him with twin stunning spells. As he spasms on the ground, Hermione adds another for good measure.]
Hermione: Petrificus Totalus.
[He goes still. The Waitress steps from the backroom, sees the trio. The wands. Her gum bubble pops.]
Hermione: Go. Leave.
Harry: Lock the door, get the lights.
[Hermione throws the bolt. Ron clicks the Deluminator, pitching the cafe into shadow. Harry eyes the unconscious Death Eater.]
Harry: This one's name is Rowle. He was on the Astronomy Tower the night Snape killed Dumbledore.
Ron: This is Dolohov. I recognize him from the wanted posters.
[He looks down at Dolohov, petrified by Hermione's jinx but otherwise fully conscious.]
Ron: So, what are we gonna do with you, eh? Kill us if it was turned around, wouldn't ya?
Harry: If we kill them, they'll know we were here.
Hermione (appalled): Ron...
Ron: Suppose he did Mad-Eye? How would you feel then?
Harry: It's better we wipe their memories.
Ron (reluctantly): You're the boss. Hermione. (touches her cheek lightly) You're the best at spells.
[Hermione takes a deep breath, walks and points her wand at Dolohov.]
Hermione: Obliviate.
[There is a flash of green light. The trio move quickly, glancing about, paranoid.]
Harry: How is it they knew we were there?
Hermione: Maybe you still have the Trace on you?
Ron: Can't be. Trace breaks at 17. It's Wizarding law.
[Hermione stops, Harry and Ron turn and look back.]
Ron: What?
Hermione: We didn't celebrate your birthday, Harry. Ginny and I, we prepared a cake. We were going to bring it out at the end of the wedding.
Harry: Hermione, honestly, I appreciate the thought. But really given that we were almost killed by a couple of Death Eaters a few minutes ago...
Hermione: Right. Perspective.
Ron: We need to get off the streets, get somewhere safe.
[The trio arrive at 12 Grimmauld Place. The lights are turned on and a ghostly image of Dumbledore races toward them, Hermione screams, and the image disappears.]
Ron: What was that all about?
Hermione: Probably Mad-Eye's idea, in case Snape decided to come snooping. (she casts the Human-presence-revealing Spell) Homenum Revelio. We're alone.
[A vision of Ollivander being tortured by Voldemort in the cellar of Malfoy Manor is shown/]
Ollivander: I believed another wand-
Voldemort: You lied to me. It makes no sense.
[Voldemort holds Ollivander by the neck.]
Ollivander: I believed a different wand would work, I swear. There must be another way.
[Harry wakes up. Ron and Hermione are sleeping. Harry sits up. Harry climbs the steps, lighting his wand. He approaches Sirius' room and opens it. He pulls the strings and looks at a book.]
Ron: Harry? Hermione, where are you? I think I've found something.
[They walk into a room.]
Hermione: Lovely.
[Ron slightly closes the door as Hermione reads the sign.]
Hermione: "Regulus Arcturus Black."
Ron: R.A.B.
[Ron looks at Hermione.]
Harry: "I know I will be dead long before you read this. I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it."
Ron: R.A.B. is Sirius's brother.
Hermione: Yes. Question is, did he actually destroy the real Horcrux?
[Harry nods, then spots a shadow trembling on the wall just outside the kitchen. He scrambles up and out of sight. Harry and his friends stand up. Harry approaches the door. He opens it and throws Kreacher forward.]
Harry: You've been spying on us, have you?
Kreacher: Kreacher has been watching.
Hermione: Maybe he knows where the real locket is.
[Harry takes and shows the locket to Kreacher.]
Harry: Have you ever seen this before? Kreacher?
Kreacher: It's Master Regulus' locket.
Harry: But there were two, weren't there? Where's the other one?
Kreacher: Kreacher doesn't know where the other locket is.
Hermione: Yes, but did you ever see it? Was it in this house?
Kreacher: Filthy Mudblood. Death Eaters are coming--
[Ron snatches Kreacher by the neck.]
Hermione: Ron.
Kreacher: Blood traitor, Weasley.
Harry: Answer her.
Kreacher: Yes. It was here in this house. A most evil object.
Harry: How do you mean?
Kreacher: Before Master Regulus died, he ordered Kreacher to destroy it, but no matter how hard Kreacher tried, he could not do it.
Harry: Well, where is it now? Did someone take it?
Kreacher: He came in the night. He took many things, including the locket.
Harry: Who did? Who was it, Kreacher?
Kreacher (after hesitating): Mundungus. Mundungus Fletcher.
Harry: Find him.
[Kreacher Disapparates. We cut to the Hogwarts Express. Students are on board. Death Eaters come and stop the train. They search for Harry.]
Cormac: My father will hear about this.
Neville (standing up): Hey, losers. He isn't here.
[Pius Thicknesse, the new Minister for Magic, stands just where his predecessor did, addressing his employees. In the b.g. we see Yaxley again and Dolores Umbridge. Newspaper come flying.]
Pius: As your new Minister for Magic, I promise to restore this temple of tolerance to its former glory. Therefore, beginning today, each employee will submit themselves for evaluation. But know this. You have nothing to fear (Scabior walks up front) if you have nothing to hide.
Mundungus and Wizards: How much? Two Galleons. Come on, time is money. Cheers, pal. Snatchers! Move out of the way.
[They walk into Gringotts.]
Wizards: I told you. Get out. Squash him.
[A wizard Disapparates. Ron starts to play Fur Elise on the piano.]
Hermione: Be a bit gentler.
[Hermione teaches Ron how to play. Ron plays the tune. Harry studies the Snitch. Hermione comes to him. Harry touches it and it stops spinning.]
Hermione: They have flesh memories. (stop spinning) When Scrimgeour first gave it to you, I thought it might open at your touch. That Dumbledore had hidden something inside it.
Radio: Many of you are wondering why Voldemort has yet to show himself now that he has vanquished the most powerful symbol of opposition to him and his followers.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione enter the kitchen.]
Mundungus: Get off.
Dobby: Harry Potter, so long it's been.
Mundungus: Get off me.
[Mundungus struggles and falls over.]
Kreacher: As requested, Kreacher has returned with the thief...
[Dobby closes the door.]
Hermione: Expellliarmus.
Kreacher: ... Mundungus Fletcher.
Mundungus: What you playing at? Setting a pair of bleeding house-elves after me.
Dobby: Dobby was only trying to help. Dobby saw Kreacher in Diagon Alley, which Dobby thought was curious. And then Dobby heard Kreacher mention Harry Potter's name.
Fletcher: I just--
Dobby: And then Dobby saw Kreacher talking with the thief, Mundungus--
Mundungus: I'm no thief. You foul little git. I'm a purveyor of rare and wondrous objects.
Ron: You're a thief, Dung. Everyone knows it.
Dobby: Master Weasley, so good to see you again.
[Ron nods, eyes the bright red shoes on Dobby’s feet.]
Ron: Wicked trainers.
[Stack falls over.]
Mundungus: Listen, I panicked that night, all right? Could I help it if Mad-Eye fell off his broom?
Kreacher: You....
Hermione: Tell the truth.
Harry: When you turned this place over, don't deny it. you found a locket, am I right?
Mundungus: Why? Was it valuable?
Hermione: You still got it?
Ron: No, he's worried he didn't get enough money for it.
Mundungus: Bleeding give it away, did I? There I was, flogging me wares in Diagon Alley, when some Ministry hag comes up and asks to see me license. Says she's a mind to lock me up. And would've done it too, if she hadn't taken a fancy to that locket.
Harry:  Who was she? The witch. Do you know?
Mundungus: No, I--
[Mundungus gets up and takes a newspaper.]
Mundungus: Well, she's there. Look. Bleedin' bow and all.
[They look at a newspaper. People are going on the streets. Ron looks at the people and looks back. Someone is dragged in. Ron runs as Mafalda comes nearer. Ron ties his shoes as Harry hits Mafalda with a spell and Ron drags her inside. The imposters are sleeping as Hermione takes something out of Mafalda.]
Hermione: Right, remember what we said. (while handing) Don't speak to anyone unless absolutely necessary. Just try and act normal. Do what everybody else is doing. If we do that, then with a bit of luck, we'll get inside. And then...
Harry: It gets really tricky.
Hermione: Correct.
Ron: Yeah.
Harry: This is completely mental.
Hermione: Completely.
Ron: The world's mental. Come on, we've got a Horcrux to find.
[Once outside the street, we see a bus drive by. Albert, Reginald and Mafalda step out. She takes a suitcase. They walk to a gentlemen stall. People enter the toilet as another person walks to the line. People flush themselves in. Reginald and Albert step into the toilet. Albert looks around. Reginald peers over the wall inside the stall and speaks to Albert.]
Ron: We flush ourselves in. (flush) That's bloody disgusting.
[Albert steps inside a toilet seat. Reginald and Albert flush themselves into the Ministry of Magic. We see many workers walking about.]
Wizards: Name? You. Come.
Man: What? What?
Guard: Come on.
Man: What did I do?
Guard: Just keep walking.
[Albert walks up to Malfada.]
Harry: Are those--?
Hermione: Muggles. In their rightful place.
Ron: Gotta tell you, I'm starting to freak out a bit.
Harry: How long did you say this batch of Polyjuice would last, Hermione?
Hermione: I didn't.
[The elevator dings. Albert, Reginald and Mafalda step out. Yaxley prevents the elevator from closing.]
Yaxley (menacingly): Cattermole. It's still raining inside my office. That's two days now.
Ron (sarcastically): Have you tried an umbrella?
Yaxley: You do realize I'm going downstairs, don't you, Cattermole?
Ron: Downstairs?
Yaxley: To interrogate your wife. Now, if my wife's blood status were in doubt, and the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement needed a job doing, I think I might just make that a priority. You have one hour.
[Yaxley leaves and the elevator closes. As the elevator moves, the trio pull on chains.
Ron: Oh, my God. What am I gonna do? My wife's all alone downstairs.
Harry: Ron, you don't have a wife.
Ron:  Oh, right.
Elevator voice: Level 2.
[The elevator reaches level 2.]
Ron: But how do I stop it raining?
Hermione: Try "Finite Incantatem."
[The elevator dings.]
Elevator voice: Department of Magical Law Enforcement and Improper Use of Magic Department.
Hermione: This is you, Ron.
[Ron leaves the elevator.]
Ron: Finite Incantatem. Okay. And if that doesn't work...?
[The elevator door closes. It takes off. Wizard and Guards come into view. Harry and Hermione hold onto chains.]
Elevator voice: Level 1, Minister of Magic and support staff.
Harry: I say if we don't locate Umbridge within the hour, we go find Ron and come back another day. Deal?
Hermione:  Yes.
[The door opens. Umbridge looks at her clipboard.]
Umbridge: Ah, Mafalda. Travers sent you, did he? Good, we'll go straight down.
[Umbridge enters the lift.]
Umbridge: Albert, aren't you getting out?
[Harry reluctantly walks out of the elevator. Hermione pulls on a chain as the elevator door closes. She has a scared look on her face as she descends in the elevator with Umbridge. Harry then walks to Umbridge's office. Pamphlets are going into stacks via magic.
Ministry employee: Runcorn.
[Ministry employee and wizards walk past him. Harry sees a sign on Umbridge's door. An eye movement. He drops something. Toys multiply and scatter about. A horn sounds and wizards scatter about. In Umbridge's office, Harry snoops around in Umbridge's office searching for the locket.]
Harry: Accio locket.
[Harry looks around and sees a glove on the ground. He looks at files and checks drawers. He takes out files and look at them.]
Ministry employee: All right, all right. Let's calm down, shall we? Let's get back to work, please. Calm down.
[The office door opens. Ministry employee looks behind.]
Ministry employee: Runcorn.
[Harry turns and walks to the lift. Ron steps in.]
Ron: Morning.
Harry: Ron, it's me.
Ron: Harry. Blimey, forgot what you looked like. Where's Hermione?
Harry: She's gone down to the courtrooms, with Umbridge.
[The elevator dings and the door closes. In the courtroom, we see Umbridge with Mary and guests.
Ron: Bloody cold down here.
Wizard: I'm a half-blood. My father, father was a wizard. William Alderton. He worked here for 30 years. Perhaps you know him. Always wore his jacket inside out. No, there's been a mistake. I'm half-blood, you see. We must go back. I'm half-blood.
[Harry turns Ron and they walk into the courtroom. Umbridge presides over Mary Cattermole's hearing (wearing the locket/horcrux), while Harry witnesses, Ron takes his place beside her, and Hermione records the minutes.]
Umbridge:  Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?
Mary: Yes.
Umbridge: Of 27 Chislehurst Gardens, Great Tolling, Evesham?
Mary: Yes.
Harry (to Ron about the locket): It's here.
Umbridge: Mother to Maisie, Ellie and Alfred? Wife to Reginald?
[Mary turns to see her husband.]
Mary: Reg?
[Harry pushes Ron towards where Mary's sitting as Yaxley observes.]
Umbridge: Thank you, Albert. Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?
Mary: Yes.
Umbridge: A wand was taken from you upon your arrival at the Ministry today. (holds up said wand) Is this that wand? (Mary nods) Would you please tell the court from which witch or wizard you took this wand?
Mary: I didn't take it. I got it in Diagon Alley, at Ollivander's, when I was 11. It chose me.
Umbridge: You're lying. Wands only choose witches, and you are not a witch.
Mary: But I am. Tell them, Reg. Tell them what I am. Reg, tell them what I am.
[Harry steps forward to the locket. He suddenly draws his wand out.]
Umbridge: What on earth are you doing, Albert?
Harry: You're lying, Dolores. And one mustn't tell lies. Stupefy!
[The spell hits Umbridge. Ron casts a spell and it hits Yaxley. Hermione takes Umbridge's wand. The spell for dementors has been broken. The Polyjuice Potion starts to wear off.]
Mary: It's Harry Potter.
Ron: It is, isn't it? This'll be one to tell the kids.
[As dementors start to appear, Harry, Hermione, Ron and Mary leave the courtroom and into the lift. The lift closes, but dementors start sucking their souls.]
Harry: Expecto Patronum!
[The dementors go away. The lift starts to go up. They reach the main level. They walk out.]
Mary: Oh. Oh. Oh.
Ron: Mary, go home. Get the kids. I'll meet you there. We have to get out of the country, understand? Mary, do as I say.
[Mary kisses Ron. The elevator dings. Harry and Hermione look at them. A wizard appears.]
Wizard: Mary? Who's that?
Ron: Long story. Nice meeting you.
Wizard: It's Harry Potter. It's Harry. Harry Potter.
[They start running away.]
Wizards: There he is. Get him! Get him! Stop him!
[The lift opens. Yaxley steps out. Harry, Ron and Hermione start running for the exit. The spell hits the statue.]
Wizards: Watch out. Look out. This way!
[They continue to run through the crowd. Harry casts a spell. Pamphlets hit the window. They fly everywhere. Yaxley comes in the midst. He casts a spell, closing some entry/exit.]
Ron: Expellliarmus!
[The spell hits Yaxley. The gates start to close. As Harry, Ron and Hermione reach a fireplace and go upwards, Yaxley joins them. We get transported into the Forest of Dean. We see faces as we do so. We see trees and Harry on the floor. Harry turns to the side and sees the locket. He takes off his jacket and takes the locket.]
Ron: Oh, my God.
Hermione: Shh, shh, shh. It's all right. It's okay.
[Harry walks up to see Ron and Hermione.]
Hermione: Harry. Harry, quickly, in my bag. There's a bottle labeled "Essence of Dittany."
[Harry rummages through Hermione's bag.]
Hermione: Shh. Shh.
Ron: Okay, okay.
Hermione: Quickly.
[Harry gets his wand and points.]
Harry: Accio Dittany.
Hermione: Shh. It's all right. Unstopper it.
Harry: Hermione, his arm.
Hermione: I know, just do it. It's okay.
[Harry drops a few drops on Ron's arm.]
Hermione: Okay, it's gonna, it's gonna sting a little bit.
Harry: What happened? I thought we meant to be going back to Grimmauld Place.
Hermione: We were. We were. Shh. It's all right. One more, one more. We were there, we were there, but Yaxley had hold of me, and I. I knew once he'd seen where we were, we couldn't stay, so I brought us here, but Ron got splinched.
[Hermione splays Ron's arm with Dittany.]
Hermione: It's all right.
[Hermione sees Ron's arm. It's healed. She stands and walks. Harry stands and walks to the side of Ron. Hermione walks forward.]
Hermione: Protego Totalum. (raises hands) Salvio Hexia.
Harry: What are you doing?
[Hermione turns to Harry.]
Hermione: Protective enchantments. I don't fancy another visit like the one we had in Shaftesbury Avenue, do you? You can get going on the tent.
Harry: Tent?
Hermione: Protego Totalum.
Harry: Where am I supposed to find a tent?
Hermione: Repello Muggletum. Muffliato.
[Harry looks at Hermione's bag. It is nighttime. The screen goes blank.]
Hermione: You first.
Harry: Dissendium.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione walk up to the locket. It hisses.]
Hermione: Incendio.
[The locket bursts in flames. Another hiss as the fire douses.]
Harry: Expulso.
[The locket moves. They walk forward.]
Harry: Diffindo.
[The locket moves again.]
Harry: Reducto.
[The locket moves. Harry casts at it many times as the locket bursts into flame again. The fire dies out. Harry picks up the locket and wears it around his neck.]
Hermione: What are you doing?
Harry: We have to keep it safe until we find out how to destroy it.
Ron: Seems strange, mate. Dumbledore sends you off to find all these Horcruxes, but doesn't tell you how to destroy them. Doesn't that bother you?
[Harry looks at Ron and Hermione. He walks away.]
Man on radio: A goblin by the name of Gornuk was killed. It is believed that Muggle-born Dean Thomas and a second goblin both believed to have been traveling with Tonks, Cresswell and Gornuk, may have escaped. If Dean is listening or anyone has any knowledge of his whereabouts, his parents and sisters are desperate for news. Meanwhile, a Muggle family of five has been found dead in their home.
Voldemort: You know the spell, Harry.
[Harry takes out the locket. We transport to Diagon Alley.]
Voldemort: Tell me.
[The wand cases fall to the ground. Harry pants.]
Voldemort: Tell me, Gregorovitch.
Gregorovitch: It was stolen from me.
Voldemort: Who was he? The thief?
[We go through a door with a person on the ledge.]
Gregorovitch: It was a boy. It was he who took it. I never saw it again. I swear on my life.
Voldemort: I believe you. (after hesitation) Avada Kedavra!
[He kills Gregorovitch. Person jumps out the window. Hesitation as Hermione walks up to meet Harry.]
Hermione: I thought it had stopped. You can't keep letting him in, Harry.
[She sits down.]
Harry: You-Know-Who has found Gregorovitch.
Hermione: The wandmaker?
Harry: He wants something that Gregorovitch used to have, but I don't know what. But he wants it desperately. I mean, it's as if his life depends on it.
[Harry looks behind.]
Hermione: Don't. It comforts him.
Harry: It sets my teeth on edge. What's he expecting to hear, good news?
Man on radio: who long expected it, the fall of the Ministry was shocking.
Hermione: I think he just hopes he doesn't hear bad news.
Man on radio: We promise to remain your eyes and ears-
Harry: How long before he can travel?
Man on radio: bringing you news when we can, from wherever we can.
Hermione: I'm doing everything I can.
Harry: You're not doing enough!
[He walks away from Hermione.]
Hermione: Take it off. (Harry turns back) I said, take it off now.
[Harry takes off the locket and hands it to Hermione.]
Hermione: Better?
Harry: Loads.
[Hermione looks at the locket.]
Hermione: We'll take it in turns, okay?
[She walks away from Harry. Moments later, at night, Hermione sits at the campfire. Something rattles. Hermione turns at the sound. She stands up. In the tent, Harry is sleeping while listening to a Potterwatch. It turns on. Harry looks around.]
Potterwatch: Finch does admit his invention currently has one short.
[Harry picks up a radio.]
Potterwatch: And now, other news: Severus Snape, newly appointed headmaster of Hogwarts, has decreed that all students must conform to the latest house rules.
[Back outside, Hermione walks forward, stepping on something along the way. Back at the tent, Harry looks at the Marauder's Map, with movement on the map.]
Potterwatch: Hogwarts bears little resemblance to the school under Dumbledore's leadership. Snape's curriculum is severe, reflecting the wishes of the Dark Lord, and infractions are dealt with harshly by the two Death Eaters on staff.
[Hermione walks forward. A twig whists in the distance. Hermione looks and sees Snatchers coming close. She sees a Snatcher carrying a dead body.
Snatcher: What's that?
[Hermione turns to the Snatchers. They stop walking.]
Scabior: What's that smell?
[The view turns around in circles. A spell is cast.
Scabior: What you doing?
Snatcher: It's heavy.
Scabior: Oh, sorry. Do you want me to carry it?
Snatcher: Yeah, thank you.
Scabior: Don't be ridiculous. Pick it up.
[Scabior walks forward.]
Voice: Numpty.
[The Snatchers pick up the dead body.]
Harry: Snatchers.
[Hermione looks at him.]
Harry: Good to know your enchantments work.
[Hermione looks back.]
Hermione: He could smell it. My perfume.
[As they walk to the tent.]
Hermione: I've told you Ron isn't strong enough to Apparate.
Harry: Well, then, we'll go on foot.
[Ron comes out of the tent.]
Harry: And next time, Hermione, as much as I like your perfume, just don't wear any.
[Harry and Hermione approach the tent as Ron stands outside.]
Potterwatch: And now for the names of missing witches and wizards. These are confirmed. Thankfully, the list is short today.
[Ron, Harry and Hermione walk towards a barn.]
Potterwatch: Jason and Alison Denbright.
[Hermione gives Harry water.]
Harry: Oh. Thank you.
Potterwatch: Bella, Jake, Charlie, and Madge Farley. Joe Laurie.
[A Death Eater approaches.]
Potterwatch: Eleanor Sarah Gibbs.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione sit in a barn.]
Potterwatch: Harry and Bronwyn Trigg.
[Ron sits outside on a tree lump.]
Potterwatch: Rob and Ellie Dowson.
[Ron, Hermione and Harry walk towards town.]
Potterwatch: Georgia Clark-Day. Joshua Flexson. George Coutas. Gabriella and Emily Mather. Jacob and Mimi Erland. William and Brian Gallagher.
[Moments later, Harry, Ron and Hermione stop walking.]
Ron: He doesn't know what he's doing, does he?
[Ron and Hermione sit on a bench.]
Hermione: None of us do.
[Harry looks back.]
Potterwatch: Toby and Olivia Gleaves.
[Ron is inside the tent.]
Potterwatch: Katie and James Killick. Elsie Valentine Schroeder.
[We see the outskirts of the lake.]
Potterwatch: Jennifer Winston. Tamsin and lola Hillicker.
[We see the view around the tent.]
Potterwatch: Scarlet and Kitty Sharp.
[A sound is heard. Ron is sleeping on a bed. He wakes up to a sound of a snip. Harry and Hermione watch the snip. Hermione looks up.]
Hermione: Oh, my God.
Harry: What?
[Hermione walks to her book.]
Hermione: I'll tell you in a minute.
Harry: Maybe you could tell me now.
[Harry approaches Hermione who looks at the book.]
Hermione: The sword of Gryffindor, its goblin made.
Harry: Brilliant.
[Hermione looks up.]
Hermione: No, you don't understand. Dirt and rust have no effect on the blade.
[She shows Harry the book.]
Hermione: It only takes in that which makes it stronger.
Harry: Okay.
Hermione: Harry, you've already destroyed one Horcrux, right?
[Harry picks up the book.]
Hermione: Tom Riddle's diary in the Chamber of Secrets.
Harry: With a Basilisk fang. If you tell me you've got one of those in that bloody beaded bag of yours....
Hermione: Don't you see?
[She sits down.]
Hermione: In the Chamber of Secrets, you stabbed the Basilisk with the sword of Gryffindor. It's blade is impregnated with Basilisk venom.
Harry: It only takes in that which makes it stronger.
[Harry sits down.]
Hermione: Exactly, which is why...
Harry: It can destroy Horcruxes.
Hermione: That's why Dumbledore left it to you in his will.
Harry: You are brilliant, Hermione. Truly.
Hermione: Actually, I'm highly logical, which allows me to look past extraneous detail and perceive clearly that which others overlook.
Harry: Yeah, there's only one problem, of course.
[Suddenly, the lights go off. Harry and Hermione at the sight. Ron steps into view.]
Ron: The sword was stolen.
[Ron turns the lights back on and clicks the Deluminator.]
Ron: Yeah, I'm still here. But you two carry on. Don't let me spoil the fun.
[Harry closes the book.]
Harry: What's wrong?
Ron: Wrong? Nothing's wrong. Not according to you, anyway.
Harry: Look, if you've got something to say, don't be shy. Spit it out.
Ron: All right, I'll spit it out. But don't expect me to be grateful just because now there's another damn thing we've gotta find.
Harry: I thought you knew what you signed up for.
Ron: Yeah. I thought I did too.
[Harry stands up and walks.]
Harry: Well then, I'm sorry, but I don't quite understand. What part of this isn't living up to your expectations? Did you think we were gonna be staying in a five-star hotel? Finding a Horcrux every other day? You thought you'd be back with your mum by Christmas?
Ron: I just thought, after all this time. we would've actually achieved something. I thought you knew what you were doing. I thought Dumbledore would have told you something worthwhile. I thought you had a plan.
Harry: I told you everything Dumbledore told me. And in case you haven't noticed, we have found a Horcrux already.
Ron: Yeah, and we're about as close to getting rid of it as we are to finding the rest of them, aren't we?
[Hermione approaches Ron.]
Hermione: Ron. Please, take...
[Ron fights with Hermione.]
Hermione: Please take the Horcrux. You wouldn't be saying any of this if you hadn't been wearing it all day.
Ron: Don't know why I listen to that radio every idea? To make sure I don't hear Ginny's name, or Fred, or George or Mom.
Harry: You think I'm not listening too? You think I don't know how this feels?!
Ron: No, you don't know how it feels! Your parents are dead. You have no family.
[Harry approaches Ron and they fight.]
Hermione: Stop. Stop.
Harry: All right, go! Go, then!
Ron: Fine.
[Ron takes the Horcrux off and puts it down on the table.]
Hermione: Ron.
[Ron picks up his rucksack and starts leaving.]
Ron: And you? Are you coming or you staying?
[Hermione looks back at Harry and then at Ron. Ron looks at Harry.]
Ron: Fine. I get it. I saw you two the other night.
Hermione: Ron, that's, that's nothing. Ron...
[Ron leaves the tent. Hermione runs out of the tent after him.]
Hermione: Ron, where are you going? Please, come back.
[Harry looks at the front of the tent.]
Hermione: Ron.
[Harry walks forward and turns sideways.]
Hermione: Ron!
[Ron Disapparates. Harry looks back. Outside the tent, Hermione looks to see where Ron is. Harry exits the tent to see Hermione looking forward. Hermione ties a ribbon around the tree. She walks back to Harry. Harry and Hermione hold hands and they Disapparate onto a rocky landing. Harry and Hermione look around as Hermione wipes a tear away. Harry walks away as Hermione looks back and walks.]
Harry: Salvio Hexia.
[Harry walks forward, casting spells.]
Harry: Repellum Muggletum.
[Harry stops walking.]
Harry: Salvio Hexia.
[It is dark when Harry looks at the outskirts of the tent. He looks forward and looks back. A song starts on the radio. Harry is inside the tent with Hermione. Hermione is sitting down as they listen to a song. Harry sits down on a chair. The radio grows louder. Harry looks at Hermione, who looks at the radio. Harry walks up to Hermione. She looks at Harry who gives her his hand. Hermione stands. Harry takes the locket off Hermione's neck. They grab hands. They position themselves and they dance to "O Children", They move their arms around. They twirl around. Harry twirls Hermione's hand. They move their arms again. They twirl arms again. Hermione twirls around. They hug. The radio dies down. There is a static as it reduces volume. Hermione walks away from Harry. Outside the tent, Hermione reads The Tales of Beetle of Bard. Harry stares at the snitch as it floats towards him. Harry takes the Snitch and it stops floating and closes. Harry touches the Snitch with his lips. He moves it farther away. The message "I Open at the Close" appears on it. Harry gets up from the bed.]
Harry: Hermione. Hermione?
[Hermione turns back.]
Harry: You were right. Snitches have flesh memories, but I didn't catch the first Snitch with my hand, I almost swallowed it.
[Harry hands the Snitch to Hermione, who looks at it. Hermione puts the book aside. Harry sits down.]
Hermione: "I open at the close."
Harry: What do you think that means?
Hermione: I don't know.
[She looks at the Snitch again.]
Hermione: I found something as well.
[Harry moves to sit beside Hermione. She opens and shows Harry the book.]
Hermione: At first I thought it was an eye, but now I don't think it is. It isn't a rune, and it isn't anywhere in Spellman's Syllabary. Somebody inked it in.
[Hermione points at the symbol.]
Hermione: It isn't part of the book. Somebody drew it.
Harry: Luna's dad was wearing that at Bill and Fleur's wedding.
[Hermione looks out on the horizon.]
Hermione: Why would someone draw it in a children's book?
[Hermione looks at the book again.]
Harry: Look, Hermione, I've been thinking.
[He claps his hands together. Hermione looks at him.]
Harry: I want to go to Godric's Hollow. It's where I was born. It's where my parents died.
Hermione: That's exactly where he'll expect you to go because it means something to you.
[Hermione stands up and picks up her books.]
Harry: Yeah, but it means something to him too, Hermione. You-Know-Who almost died there.
[Harry stands up. Hermione picks up her things.]
Harry: I mean, isn't that exactly the type of place he'd be likely to hide a Horcrux?
Hermione: It's, it's dangerous, Harry.
[Harry and Hermione walk back to the tent.]
Hermione: But even I have to admit, recently I've been thinking we'll have to go there. I think it's possible something else is hidden there.
Harry: What?
[Hermione looks at Harry.]
Hermione: The sword. If Dumbledore wanted you to find it, but didn't want it in the Ministry's hands, where better to hide it than the birthplace of the founder of Gryffindor?
Harry: Hermione...
[She touches his hair.]
Hermione: Don't ever let me give you a haircut again.
[Hermione walks away from Harry. They arrive at the outskirts of Godric's Hollow via Apparition. Snow starts to dust off. The view goes up to reveal Harry and Hermione, looking around.]
Hermione: I still think we should've used Polyjuice Potion.
Harry: No.
[Hermione looks at him.]
Harry: This is where I was born. I'm not returning as someone else.
[Harry and Hermione turn as the bells toll in the distance. They start walking.]
Man: Good night. Ha-ha-ha-ha.
[The door closes behind them.]
Hermione: Harry, I think it's Christmas Eve. Listen.
[They stop walking and listen to carolers singing.]
Harry: Do you think they'd be in there, Hermione? My mom and dad.
[Harry and Hermione look straight at the graveyard.]
Hermione: Yeah, I think they would.
[We see tombstones of dead people. Harry and Hermione look at tombstones. Hermione uncovers the tombstone with the Deathly Hallows symbol. She uncovers the words Ignotus Peverell.]
Hermione: "Ignotus Peverell."
[Hermione looks up.]
Hermione: Hey, Harry?
[Hermione looks for Harry. Harry sees the tombstone of his parents as Hermione approaches him. Hermione bends down and casts a wreath around the tomb. Roses appear. Hermione stands back up to join Harry. Harry wipes mouth clean.]
Harry: Merry Christmas, Hermione.
[Hermione looks at Harry.]
Hermione: Merry Christmas, Harry.
[They lean their heads over each other. A figure on cloak appears behind them. Hermione turns and faces the front again.]
Hermione: Harry, there's someone watching us. By the church.
[They look at each other.]
Harry: I think I know who that is.
[The figure walks away to the house.]
Hermione: I don't like this, Harry.
Harry: Hermione, she knew Dumbledore. She might have the sword.
[Harry and Hermione follow Bathilda. They stop at a house and walk forward.]
Harry: This is where they died, Hermione.
[We see visions of Voldemort killing Harry's parents and back at Godric's Hollow.]
Harry: This is where he murdered them.
[Harry and Hermione turn around to see Bathilda behind them. Harry walks forward.]
Harry: You're Bathilda, aren't you?
[No answer. Bathilda tries to get a fire going, but struggles.]
Harry: Here, let me do that.
[He takes Bathilda's hand. He opens the match and the candle is lit. Harry walks over to the photograph on the mantelpiece. Bathilda turns as Harry asks something.]
Harry: Miss Bagshot, who is this man?
[Bagshot doesn't answer. She takes the candle and walks upstairs.]
Hermione: Harry.
[Harry follows Bagshot up the stairs. Hermione looks at the mirror.]
Harry: Lumos.
[Harry climbs the stairs as Bagshot moves forward. Harry and Hermione look at something. Hermione picks up a book and reads a note on the front cover. She flips the note up to see the cover. She looks at the back cover. Harry walks up to Bathilda who wears the locket. They stare at each other. Harry and Bagshot speak in Parseltongue. They turn to the side. Bagshot turns to the corner as Harry walks by. Flies fly around the house. Hermione opens the door. Harry looks through a book as Bagshot begins to transform into a snake. Harry turns back. We see a cloak of Bagshot transform into a snake. Harry picks up a stool. We see blood on the ceiling as Hermione shouts his name.]
Hermione: Harry!
[The snake starts to attack. Hermione starts to fall. Harry falls backwards with the snake. The ceiling light swings. Harry throws a brick. He tries to run, but is caught around the body. He hits the snake with another brick and crawls backwards. He reaches the bedroom where Hermione is at. Hermione casts the spell at the snake and it falls down with some things. Harry pants as he sees his wand. Hermione walks over to take it and crawls back. Hermione stands up. The snake appears out of nowhere.]
Hermione: Confringo!
[The snake catches on fire. Harry and Hermione disapparate from Bagshot's house, breaking glass as they leave. The curtain goes inside the house. We are at the Forest of Dean, with the lake moving smoothly. A figure rises from the lake to carry a bucket of fish. Harry comes out of the tent to meet Hermione. Hermione is reading a book under a tree when Harry meets her. Hermione turns to Harry.]
Hermione: Are you feeling better?
[Harry walks forward.]
Harry: You've outdone yourself this time, Hermione.
Hermione: The Forest of Dean. I came here once with Mum and Dad, years ago.
[Harry sits down under a tree.]
Hermione: It's just how I remember it. The trees, the river, everything. Like nothing's changed. Not true, of course. Everything's changed. If I brought my parents back here now, they probably wouldn't recognize any of it. Not the trees, not the river, not even me.
[Harry looks around.]
Hermione: Maybe we should just stay here, Harry. Grow old.
[Harry blinks his eyes. Hermione stares back at the book.]
Hermione: You wanted to know who the boy in the photograph was. I know. Gellert Grindelwald.
[She hands the book to Harry. Harry looks through the book.]
Harry: He's the thief I saw in Gregorovitch's Wand Shop. Speaking of which, where is my wand? Where's my wand, Hermione?
[Hermione hesitates for a moment. She moves aside and unrolls the blanket to see Harry's hand.]
Hermione: As we were leaving Godric's Hollow, I cast a curse and it rebounded. I'm sorry. I tried to mend it, but wands are different.
Harry: It's done. Leave me yours. Go inside and get warm.
[He stands up.]
Harry: I'll take the locket as well.
[At night, Harry takes watch on a tree branch.]
Voice: Trust me.
[Harry takes out a knife and drops it. He takes out his wand from his jacket. Harry watches as a silver doe is seen in the woods. The doe comes near. Harry takes off his jacket and stands. He watches the doe walk away. Harry follows the doe to an ice risk. The doe vanishes.]
Harry: Lumos.
[Harry lit his wand and points it downwards. He walks to the doe, stepping on ice. The doe vanishes into the pool. Harry bends down and uncovers the ice pool. We see the Sword of Gryffindor inside the pool. Harry looks around and back underneath.]
Harry: Accio sword.
[The sword glints in the water. Harry stands up.]
Harry: Diffindo.
[The ice breaks as Harry casts the spell. Harry takes off his clothes and shoes. He walks towards the Sword of Gryffindor in the pool. He bends low and pants while he sees the sword. After looking ahead, he jumps in and makes a splash. He swims underneath the pool to get the sword. After touching the sword, he begins to shake. He is choking. He swims up to the surface. He touches the top of the pool with his hands. He taps on the surface with his hands and feet. Ron appears after his disappearance. Harry picks up the sword. Ron drags Harry to the log. Harry pants and walks over to take his glasses.]
Harry: Hermione?
Ron: Are you mental?
[Harry walks up to Ron.]
Harry: It was you?
Ron: Well, yeah. Bit obvious, I think.
[Harry puts his clothes back on.]
Harry: And you cast the doe as well, did you?
Ron: No, I thought that was you.
Harry: No, my Patronus is a stag.
Ron: Right. Yeah. Antlers.
[Ron puts the locket on the log.]
Harry: Okay, Ron. Do it.
Ron: I can't handle it. That thing affects me more than it affects you and Hermione.
Harry: All the more reason.
Ron: No. I can't.
Harry: Then why are you here? Why did you come back?
[Ron and Harry look down at the locket.]
Harry: Now, I'll have to speak to it in order for it to open. When it does, don't hesitate. I don't know what's in there, but it'll put up a fight. The bit of Riddle that was in that diary tried to kill me.
[There is a hissing sound.]
Harry: All right. One, two, three.
[Harry speaks in Parseltongue. The locket opens. Harry and Ron fall backwards. The fog appears out of the locket. Ron crawls backwards.]
Voldemort: I have seen your heart, and it is mine.
[Harry struggles and looks around.]
Voldemort: I have seen your dreams, Ronald Weasley...
[Spiders begin to crawl towards the locket.]
Voldemort: ...and I have seen your fears.
[Ron crawls backwards further.]
Voldemort: Least loved by your mother, who craved a daughter. Least loved by the girl who prefers your friend.
Harry: Ron, kill it!
[We see images of Harry and Hermione inside the locket. Wind rustles.]
Riddle Harry: We were better without you. Happier without you.
Riddle Hermione: Who could look at you compared to Harry Potter? What are you compared with the Chosen One?
Harry: Ron, it's lying!
Riddle Harry: Your mother confessed she would have preferred me as a son.
Riddle Hermione: What woman would take you? You are nothing. Nothing.
[The word echoes.]
Riddle Hermione: Nothing compared to him.
[It echoes. Harry pants. Riddle Harry and Riddle Hermione kiss. They both hug as they kiss. Ron rises up with the Sword of Gryffindor. He runs, screams and destroys the locket. Harry ducks. He looks around and stands. He walks up to Ron and sits down. They pant.]
Ron: Just think, only three to go.
[Back at the tent, Hermione is sleeping when Harry calls her name.]
Harry: Hermione?
[Hermione wakes up.]
Harry: Hermione?
[Harry walks forward and picks up something when Hermione comes out of the tent.]
Hermione: Is everything all right?
Harry: It's fine. Actually, you know, it's more than fine.
[Harry turns back to see Ron as he points. Hermione walks up to see Ron. Ron raises his eyebrows.]
Ron: Hey.
[He smiles, then it falters. Hermione approaches Ron.]
Hermione: You...
[She takes Ron's backpack off.]
Hermione: ...complete
[She punches Ron and throws a rock at him.]
Hermione: ...arse, Ronald Weasley!
[She picks up Ron's backpack and throws it at him.]
Hermione: You show up here after weeks, and you say "hey"?
[She drops Ron's backpack, turns back and goes after Harry. Harry goes backwards.]
Hermione: Where's my wand, Harry? Where's my wand?
Harry: I don't know.
Hermione: Harry Potter, you give me my wand!
[Harry reaches the tree bunk.]
Harry: I don't have it.
[Hermione turns to Ron as he asks a question.]
Ron: How come he's got your wand?
Hermione: Never mind why he's got my wand.
[Harry and Hermione approach Ron.]
Hermione: What is that?
[Ron holds up a locket.]
Hermione: You destroyed it.
[She looks back for a moment.]
Hermione: And how is it that you just happen to have the sword of Gryffindor?
Harry: It's a long story.
[Hermione turns to Harry and back at Ron.]
Hermione: Don't think this changes anything.
[She walks back to the tent.]
Ron: Oh, of course not. I only just destroyed a bloody Horcrux. Why would that change anything?
[Hermione turns back to Ron.]
Ron: Look, I wanted to come back as soon as I left. I just didn't know how to find you.
Harry: Yeah, how did you find us?
[Ron searches for his Deluminator.]
Ron: With this. It doesn't just turn off lights. I don't know how it works, but Christmas morning I was sleeping in this little pub, keeping away from some Snatchers, and I heard it.
Harry: It?
Ron: A voice, your voice, Hermione, coming out of it.
Hermione: And what exactly did I say, may I ask?
Ron: My name. Just my name. Like a whisper.
[He looks at the Deluminator.]
Ron: So I took it, clicked it, and this tiny ball of light appeared. And I knew. And sure enough, it floated toward me, the ball of light went right to my chest, straight through me.
[He points at his chest.]
Ron: Right here. And I knew it was gonna take me where I needed to go, so I Disapparated, and came to this hillside. It was dark. I had no idea where I was. I just hoped that one of you would show yourself. And you did.
[Harry blinks his eyes and looks around. Ron shrugs and stares at Hermione. Harry and Ron are in the tent on a bunk. Harry stares at Ron.]
Ron: I've always liked these flames Hermione makes.
[Harry looks outside the tent to see Hermione sitting.]
Ron: How long do you reckon she'll stay mad at me?
[They stare at each other while Harry talks.]
Harry: Well, just keep talking about that little ball of light touching your heart and she'll come round.
Ron: It was true. Every word. This is gonna sound crazy, but I think that's why Dumbledore left it to me, the Deluminator. I think he knew that somehow I'd need it to find my way back, and she'd lead me.
[They look around for a second.]
Ron: Bloody hell, I just realized, you need a wand, don't you?
Harry: Yeah.
Ron: I've got one here.
[He searches his sack for the wand and hands it to Harry. Harry looks at it.]
Ron: It's a blackthorn. Ten inches. Nothing special, but I reckon it'll do. Took if off a Snatcher a couple of weeks ago. Don't tell Hermione this, but they're a bit dim, Snatchers. This one was definitely part troll, the smell of him.
[Harry points his wand at the lantern.]
Harry: Engorgio.
[The fire goes up into the air. Ron and Harry go back.]
Harry: Reducio!
[The fire dies out.]
Hermione: What's going on in there?
Harry: Nothing.
Ron: Nothing.
[Harry stands and pockets his wand as Hermione comes in.]
Hermione: We need to talk.
Ron: Yeah, all right.
[Hermione walks forward to face Harry and Ron. They turn around.]
Hermione: I want to go see Xenophilius Lovegood.
Harry: Sorry?
[Hermione opens the book and shows Harry the book that has the letter.]
Hermione: See this? It's a letter Dumbledore wrote to Grindelwald. Look at the signature. It's the mark again. It keeps cropping up.
[Hermione sits down on a step and closes the book.]
Hermione: In Beedle the Bard, in the graveyard in Godric's Hollow.
Harry: It was there too.
[Hermione stands up.]
Hermione: Where?
Harry: Outside Gregorovitch's Wand Shop.
[Hermione looks at the book.]
Ron: But what does it mean?
Hermione: Look, you've got no idea where the next Horcrux is, and neither do I...
[She stares at the book.]
Hermione: ...but this, this means something. I'm sure of it.
[Ron walks forward to Hermione.]
Ron: Yeah. Hermione's right. We ought to see Lovegood. Let's vote on it. Those in favor?
[Ron raises one of his hand and makes a fist of it. Hermione walks away from the pair. Ron stares at Harry. We see the view of the grass landscape before the camera pans on Ron, Harry and Hermione approaching the Lovegood's house.]
Harry: You're not still mad at him, are you?
Hermione: I'm always mad at him.
[They see the Lovegood's house in front of them.]
Ron: Luna.
Harry and Hermione: Luna.
[We see the sign "Keep of the dirigible plums sign on the house and a door knocker. Hermione knocks and steps back.]
Ron: "Keep off the dirigible plums."
[We see a kite in the sky. Xenophilius opens the door to see them again.]
Xenophilius: What is it? Who are you? What do you want?
Harry: Hello, Mr. Lovegood. I'm Harry Potter. We met a few months ago.
[He walks forward to see Xenophilius.]
Harry: Could we come in?
[We are inside the house.]
Hermione: Where is Luna?
Xenophilius: Luna? She'll be along.
[They all take a sip of their drink. Harry places his on the side table.]
Xenophilius: So how can I help you, Mr. Potter?
Harry: Well, actually, it was about something you were wearing round your neck at the wedding. A symbol.
[Xenophilius shows them what Harry's referring to. He stares at it.]
Xenophilius: You mean this?
[Harry takes the symbol.]
Harry: Yes. That exactly. What we've wondered is, what is it?
Xenophilius: What is it? Well, it's the sign of the Deathly Hallows, of course.
Hermione: The what?
Ron and Harry: The what?
Xenophilius: The Deathly Hallows. I assume you're all familiar with "The Tale of the Three Brothers."
Ron and Hermione: Yes.
Harry: No.
[Harry turns to Ron and Hermione, and back at Xenophilius.]
Hermione: I have it in here.
[Harry and Ron turn as Hermione takes out the book. She opens the book and starts reading.]
Hermione: "There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight."
Ron: Midnight.
[He faces forward.]
Ron: Mom always said "midnight."
[Harry and Xenophilius stare at Ron. Ron stares at Hermione.]
Ron: But "twilight's" fine. Better, actually.
[Xenophilius walks to the window.]
Hermione: Do you want to read it?
Ron: No. It's fine.
[A bird drops a feather in the lake.]
Hermione: "There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight.
[The lake dissolves as the feather goes in. It flies away to reveal the brothers.]
Hermione: In time, the brothers reached a river too treacherous to pass.
[A brother draws out the wand. We zoom up to see the brothers making a bridge connect.]
Hermione: But being learned in the magical arts, the three brothers simply waved their wands and made a bridge.
[A brother starts to cross, but a hooded figure blocks their path. The tree starts to vanish.]
Hermione: Before they could cross, however, they found their path blocked by a hooded figure.
[The Death figure stares at them in awe.]
Hermione: It was Death, and he felt cheated. Cheated because travelers would normally drown in the river. But Death was cunning.
[The Death figure bows at the three brothers. He gestures as a brother walks forward.]
Hermione: He pretended to congratulate the three brothers on their magic, and said that each had earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade him.
[A brother uses hand gestures.]
Hermione: The oldest asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence.
[The Death reveals a wand to a brother and he takes it.]
Hermione: So Death fashioned him one from an elder tree that stood nearby.
[The first brother walks away. The Death turns to the second brother. He gestures.]
Hermione: The second brother decided he wanted to humiliate Death even further, and asked for the power to recall loved ones from the grave.
[The Death reveals a stone and passes it to the second brother.]
Hermione: So Death plucked a stone from the river and offered it to him.
[The second brother walks away. The Death turns to the third brother who walks forward.]
Hermione: Finally, Death turned to the third brother.
[The third brother walks forward and gestures.]
Hermione: A humble man, he asked for something that would allow him to go forth from that place without being followed by Death.
[The Death shows the third brother the cloak and rips it apart. The third brother takes the cloak.]
Hermione: And so it was that Death reluctantly handed over his own Cloak of Invisibility.
[The third brother puts on the cloak to cover himself. The two brothers continue to walk.]
Hermione: The first brother traveled to a distant village, where, with the Elder Wand in hand he killed a wizard with whom he had once quarreled.
[The first brother kills a wizard with his wand and the figure falls to the ground. He turns back.]
Hermione: Drunk with the power that the Elder Wand had given him, he bragged of his invincibility.
[He gestures before we switch to the candle. A wizard stole a wand.]
Hermione: But that night, another Wizard stole the wand, and slit the brother's throat for good measure.
[We see blood as a throat was slit.]
Hermione: And so Death took the first brother for his own.
[We see the door open by the second brother. We zoom backwards to see the figure dancing.]
Hermione: The second brother journeyed to his home where he took the stone and turned it thrice in hand. To his delight, the girl he'd once hoped to marry before her untimely death appeared before him.
[Her dress begins to fade away.]
Hermione: Yet, soon she turned sad and cold for she did not belong in the mortal world.
[The figure vanishes as the thing hanging goes up.]
Hermione: Driven mad with hopeless longing, the second brother killed himself so as to join her.
[The house starts to come apart. The Death takes the figure and hides it.]
Hermione: And so Death took the second brother.
[The Death started to search.]
Hermione: As for the third brother, Death searched for many years but was never able to find him.
[The sun starts to shine. We see the two brothers as the brother with the cloak reveals himself.]
Hermione: Only when he attained a great age did the youngest brother shed the Cloak of Invisibility and give it to his son.
[The first brothers covers the son with the cloak. We see the Death fly away with the brother.]
Hermione: He then greeted Death as an old friend and went with him gladly, departing this life as equals."
[The birds fly in unison as we go back to the Lovegood's house.]
Xenophilius: So there you are. Those are the Deathly Hallows.
[The screen fades back to the Lovegood's house.]
Harry: I'm sorry, sir. I still don't quite understand.
[Xenophilius turns back. He walks towards the papers.]
Xenophilius: Where's that pen I had?
[He takes a pen and flips the paper over. Harry, Ron and Hermione watch Xenophilius draw things. He draws the wand and looks at them when saying each one.]
Xenophilius: The Elder Wand. The most powerful wand ever made.
[He draws a circle around the wand.]
Xenophilius: The Resurrection Stone.
[He draws a triangle. Hermione and Ron stare at each other.]
Xenophilius: The Cloak of Invisibility. Together, they make the Deathly Hallows. Together, they make one master of Death.
[They all stare at the drawing.]
Hermione: That mark was on a grave in Godric's Hollow.
[Harry and Ron stare at Hermione and back at the drawing.]
Hermione: Uh, Mr. Lovegood, does the Peverell Family have anything to do with the Deathly Hallows?
Xenophilius: Uh, uh, Ignotus. Excuse me.
[He starts heading towards the stairs.]
Xenophilius: ...and his brothers, Cadmus and Antioch are thought to be the original owners of the Hallows, and therefore the inspiration for the story. Uh...
[He looks inside the teapot.]
Xenophilius: ...uh, but your tea's gone cold.
[He closes the teapot lid.]
Xenophilius: I'll be right back. Let's go down here.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione watch Xenophilius go down the stairs. Ron picks up the backpack.]
Ron: Let's get out of here. I'm not drinking any more of that stuff, hot or cold.
[Harry, Ron and Hermione climb down the stairs. They see Xenophilius looking outside and stares at them.]
Hermione: Thank you, sir.
Ron: You forgot the water.
[Hermione stares at Ron.]
Xenophilius: Water?
Ron: For the tea.
Xenophilius: Did--? Did I?
[He laughs and walks over to the kitchen.]
Xenophilius: How silly of me.
[He approaches the kettle.]
Hermione: It's no matter. We really should be going anyway.
[Xenophilius slams the counter as he says something.]
Xenophilius: No, you can't!
[He walks over to a door, whimpering and placing his hand on the door.]
Harry: Sir?
[Xenophilius turns around to face them.]
Xenophilius: You're my only hope. They were angry, you see, about what I'd been writing. So they took her. They took my Luna. My Luna.
[He walks over towards the three and feels Harry's hair as Hermione looks around.]
Xenophilius: But it's really you they want.
[Harry puts Xenophilius' hand down.]
Harry: Who took her, sir?
[They pause for a hesitation.]
Xenophilius: Voldemort.
[They all turn at the sound of Death Eaters approaching the Lovegood's house. Hermione screams. Harry goes on the floor as the house attacks. Harry, Ron and Hermione are on the floor crawling over. Paper fall from the ceiling. We go around the view. It attacks the kitchen. Xenophilius holds his hands up.]
Xenophilius: Stop! I've got him!
[He starts climbing down the stairs of the house. The kettle breaks apart. Harry inches closer. Xenophilius falls to the ground. Hermione and Ron come to Harry. Harry holds out a hand. Ron and Hermione touch it, and they Disapparate from the house. The top of the house comes apart. We arrive back in the Forest of Dean. Ron, Harry and Hermione appear.]
Ron: That treacherous little bleeder. Is there no one we can trust?
Harry: They kidnapped her because he supported me. He was just desperate.
Ron: I'll do the enchantments.
[They all walk around. Suddenly, Snatchers appear. Hermione walks up.]
Scabior: Hello beautiful.
[Hermione stops, stares, then backs away. They start running away.]
Scabior: Well, don't hang about, snatch them.
[Scabior and the other Snatchers fire spells at the trio as they flee. The spell hits the trees. Hermione screams in horror. Harry falls to the ground. The spell hits a log. The trees catch with ropes. Suddenly, Ron hits the floor tied up around his legs. A Snatcher climbs over logs. Harry ducks as spells are cast on the trees. Harry falls to the ground again. They flee. Hermione casts a spell on the Snatchers. The tree log explodes. Hermione stops running, turns around, and hit Harry with a stinging jinx to make him unrecognizable to Scabior and his goons. Harry struggles. We zoom forward as he has a vision.]
Voldemort: Harry. Tell me, Grindelwald.
[A young Grindelwald is seen jumping out of a window of Gregorovich's Wand Shop with the Elder Wand.]
Voldemort: Tell me where it is.
[We zoom in on the prison.]
Voldemort: Grindelwald. Grindelwald. Grindelwald.
[Voldemort is shown visiting Grindelwald in Azkaban.]
Grindelwald: Hello, Tom. I knew you would come one day, but surely you must know I no longer have what you seek.
[We see a shift.]
Voldemort: Tell me, Grindelwald. Tell me where it is.
Grindelwald: Ha-ha-ha.
Voldemort: Tell me who possesses it.
[We see a hand touching the wand.]
Grindelwald: The Elder Wand lies with him, of course...
[We see a vision of the duel.]
Grindelwald: ...buried in the earth. Dumbledore.
[We see Dumbledore cast a fire. Voldemort disappears from the Azkaban cell. The vision ends as Harry sits up. Hermione comes to him.]
Harry: The Hallows exist, but he's only after one of them, the last one. He knows where it is. He's gonna have it by the end of the night. You-Know-Who's found the Elder Wand.
[A Snatcher grabs Hermione as she stands.]
Ron: Don't touch her.
[He gets punched in the stomach by a Snatcher.]
Ron: Unh!
Hermione: Leave him.
Scabior: Your boyfriend will get much worse than that...
Hermione: Get off me.
Scabior: ...if he doesn't learn to behave himself.
[Harry is pulled off by a Snatcher. Hermione hit a stinging jinx to make him unrecognizable to the Snatchers.]
Scabior: What happened to you, ugly?
[Harry and Fenrir Greyback turn to him.]
Scabior: No, not you. What's your name?
[Harry gives Scabior a fake name.]
Harry: Dudley. Vernon Dudley.
Scabior: Check it.
[A Snatcher throws the wand away. Scabior walks over to the others.]
Scabior; And you, my lovely, what do they call you?
[Hermione also gives Scabior a fake name.]
Hermione: Penelope Clearwater, half-blood.
[He examines her. Snatcher checks the record.]
Snatcher: There's no Vernon Dudley on here.
[Scabior turns to the Snatcher.]
Snatcher: Did you hear that, ugly? The list says you're lying. How come you don't want us to know who you are?
Harry: The list's wrong. I told you who I am.
[Scabior notices Harry's faint scar as he pushes a Snatcher away. A Snatcher turns back.]
Scabior: Change of plan. We're not taking this lot to the Ministry.
[A bird caws. We go towards Malfoy Manor. The view goes down to reveal Harry, Ron, Hermione and the Snatchers approaching the gate. They see Bellatrix approaching the gate as well. She sees Harry's scar.
Bellatrix: Get Draco.
[Inside Malfoy Manor, Bellatrix lifts Harry up. Harry struggles.]
Bellatrix: Well?
Draco: I can't be sure.
Lucius: Draco. Look closely, son. If we are the ones to hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything would be forgiven. All would be as it was, you understand?
Scabior: Now, we won't be forgetting who actually caught him, I hope, Mr. Malfoy.
[Lucius yells.]
Lucius: You dare to talk to me like that in my own house?
[Narcissa approaches Lucius and Draco.]
Narcissa: Lucius.
[Narcissa pushes Lucius back.]
Bellatrix: Don't be shy, sweetie. Come over.
[Draco walks over and sits down to observe Harry.]
Bellatrix: Now, if this isn't who we think it is, Draco, and we call him, he'll kill us all. We need to be absolutely sure.
Draco: What's wrong with his face?
Bellatrix: Yes, what is wrong with his face?
Scabior: He came to us like that. Something he picked up in the forest, I reckon.
Bellatrix: Or ran into a Stinging Jinx. Was it you, dearie?
[Bellatrix gestures to Hermione and Ron. A Scabior holds them up. Bellatrix walks to them.]
Bellatrix: Give me her wand. We'll see what her last spell was. Ah. Got you.
[Lucius taps Draco's shoulder. Bellatrix laughs then gasps in shock when she sees a snatcher holding the Sword of Gryffindor.]
Bellatrix: What is that?
[A Snatcher looks up from the sword.]
Bellatrix: Where'd you get that from?
Snatcher: It was in her bag when we searched her. Reckon it's mine now.
[Bellatrix casts a spell at the Snatcher. He falls backwards. She casts spells and transforms her wand into a whip and tries to choke Scabior and the others.]
Scabior: Are you mad?
[Bellatrix twirls a Snatcher around. She struggles to release him. She releases the rope and Snatcher falls.
Bellatrix: Go! Get out!
[The Snatchers stand. Bellatrix gets Harry and Ron. She orders Narcissa to put both Harry and Ron in the cellar]
Bellatrix: Cissy, put the boys in the cellar! I want to have a little conversation with this one, girl-to-girl!
[Wormtail comes up from the cellar to put Ron and Harry in. Harry and Ron fall. As they stand, Wormtail closes the door and locks it. They reach the door as Wormtail walks upstairs.]
Ron: What are we gonna do? We can't leave Hermione alone with her.
[The door is locked. Luna appears from behind a pillar, calling their names. They turn back.]
Luna: Ron? Harry?
[Ron uses his Deluminator to brighten up the cellar.]
Harry: Luna?
[Bellatrix holds Hermione down, interrogating her.]
Bellatrix: That sword is meant to be in my vault at Gringotts. How did you get it?
[Hermione starts sobbing and weeping.]
Bellatrix: What else did you and your friends take from my vault?!
Hermione: I didn't take anything. Please. I didn't take anything!
Bellatrix: I don't believe it.
[She starts carving the word "Mudblood" into Hermione's arm as Hermione screams loudly in pain. Harry and Ron look up to hear the scream.]
Ron: We have to do something.
Ollivander: There's no way out of here. We've tried everything. It's enchanted.
Hermione: Please! please!
Bellatrix: Shut up!
[Harry bends down. He pulls out the shard from the mirror from his sock; Aberforth appears in it, Harry pleads.]
Luna: You're bleeding, Harry. That's a curious thing to keep in your sock.
[Harry observes the mirror and looks up again. Ron looks around. Harry pleads.]
Harry: Help us.
[Ron turns off the lights with the Deluminator as Wormtail comes down. Wormtail opens the cell door and points his wand at Ron.]
Ron: Let her go.
Wormtail: Shut up. Get back. You, goblin, come with me.
[Wormtail points his wand as Griphook walks forward.  Wormtail closes the door and locks it as Griphook walks up. Ron turns the lights back on and Dobby appears. Harry and Ron turn to see Dobby. Dobby turns back.]
Dobby: Aah!
Harry: Dobby? What are you doing here?
Dobby: Dobby has come to rescue Harry Potter, of course. Dobby will always be there for Harry Potter.
Harry: Are you saying you can Apparate in and out of this room? Could you take us with you?
Dobby: Of course, sir. I'm an elf.
[Harry and Ron look at each other.]
Ron: Works for me.
Harry: Right. Dobby, I want you to take Luna and Mr. Ollivander...
Ron: Shell Cottage on the outskirts of Tinworth. Trust me.
Luna: Whenever you're ready, sir.
Dobby: Sir? I like her very much.
[He takes Luna's and Ollivander's hands.]
Dobby: Meet me at the top of the stairs in 10 seconds.
[They Disapparate. Harry and Ron hide as Wormtail runs down the stairs. He unlocks the door. Dobby casts a spell and Wormtail falls on the ground.]
Wormtail: Ow.
[Dobby takes the wand. Harry and Ron reach the stairs.]
Dobby: Who gets his wand?
[Harry and Ron creep upstairs as Bellatrix interrogates Griphook. A Snitch appears from the jacket and opens its wings.]
Bellatrix: I'm only going to ask you once more, goblin. Think very, very carefully before you answer.
Griphook: I don't know.
[Harry grabs the Snitch.]
Bellatrix: You don't know? Why weren't you doing your job? Who got into my vault? Who stole it? Who stole it? Well?
Griphook: When I was last in your vault, the sword was there.
[We see the word Mudblood on Hermione's arm. She wakes up.]
Bellatrix: Oh, well then, perhaps it just walked out on its own then.
Griphook: There is no place safer than Gringotts.
[Bellatrix slices his cheek with her dagger.]
Bellatrix: Liar! Consider yourself lucky, goblin.
[Bellatrix rises and goes over to the tortured Hermione]
Bellatrix: The same won't be said for this one.
Ron: Like hell.
[He runs up with Harry.]
Ron: Expelliarmus!
[They get a wand. Harry stuns Lucius as Lucius falls backwards.]
Harry: Stupefy.
[Ron, Harry, Malfoy and Narcissa duel with their wands. Bellatrix holds Hermione at dagger-point.]
Bellatrix: Stop!
[The duel stops.]
Bellatrix: Drop your wands. I said, drop 'em!
[The wands drop.]
Bellatrix: Pick them up, Draco, now.
[Harry returns to normal. Draco walks over to pick up the wands.]
Bellatrix: Well, well, well, look what we have here. It's Harry Potter. He's all bright and shiny and new again, just in time for the Dark Lord.
[They all look around in wonder.]
Bellatrix: Call him. Call him.
[Lucius walks forward and rolls up a sleeve. It reveals the Dark Mark. They all look up as Dobby unscrews a chandelier from the ceiling. It crashes to the floor. Bellatrix screams and moves out of the way. Hermione runs to Ron. Harry wrenches Malfoy's wand from his hands. Harry stuns Lucius once more.]
Harry: Stupefy!
[Lucius falls backwards again. Harry joins the others.]
Bellatrix: Stupid elf. You could've killed me.
Dobby: Dobby never meant to kill! Dobby only meant to maim, or seriously injure!
[Narcissa tries to cast a spell. Dobby steals Narcissa's wand with a snap of his finger and catches it.]
Bellatrix: How dare you take a witch's wand?! How dare you defy your masters?!
Dobby: Dobby has no master. Dobby is a free elf, and Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and his friends!
[Harry, Ron, Hermione and Griphook take Dobby's hand. Bellatrix throws a knife as they Disapparate into Shell Cottage. The knife falls into the hole and vanishes. We hear a whoosh and panting sounds. Harry stands and walks to Ron and Hermione.]
Harry: Hermione. You're all right. We're safe. We're all safe.
[Harry hugs Ron and Hermione when Dobby calls his name.]
Dobby: Harry Potter.
[Harry turns to Dobby.]
Harry: Dobby.
[Harry walks over to Dobby. Dobby collapses in Harry's arms. He pulls the dagger out of Dobby.]
Harry: Dobby. No, just... Hold on. Hold on.
[He puts a hand on Dobby's body.]
Harry: Look, just hold on, okay? We'll fix you. Hermione'll have something. In your bag. Hermione? Hermione?
[Hermione just stands there, watching in sorrow wile Ron holds her.]
Harry: What is it? Help me.
[Dobby says some final words before he dies.]
Dobby: Such a beautiful place to be with friends. Dobby is happy to be with his friend, Harry Potter.
[He finally dies in Harry's arms. Harry studies the elf as Luna comes to Harry.]
Luna: We should close his eyes, don't you think?
[Harry nods. Luna closes Dobby's eyes.]
Luna: There. Now, he could be sleeping.
[Harry hesitates and studies the elf again.]
Harry: I want to bury him. Properly, without magic.
[Harry looks around and studies Dobby one more time. He digs a pit for Dobby. Ron and Hermione carry the body to the pit. Hermione hands Harry the blanket that covers Dobby. He puts it inside and covers it with sand. His friends watch in sorrow. We zoom forward to the island where Albus Dumbledore's tomb is located. The stones guarding the tomb are magically moved aside. Some fall off. Voldemort casts a spell on the tomb. He examines Albus Dumbledore before taking the wand from him. He raises his wand to the sky and sends a beam of electricity illuminating the sky.]