The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20090828135348/http://www.imsdb.com:80/Movie%20Scripts/Harry%20Potter%20and%20the%20Prisoner%20of%20Azkaban%20S…
The Internet Movie Script Database (IMSDb)
The web's largest
movie script resource!
Search IMSDb
Go!
Alphabetical
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Genre
Action
Adventure Animation
Comedy
Crime
Drama
Family
Fantasy
Film-Noir
Horror
Musical
Mystery
Romance Sci-Fi
Short
Thriller
War
Western
TV Transcripts
Futurama
Seinfeld
South Park
Stargate SG-1
Lost
The 4400
Movie Software
Download YouTube videos
DVD to iPod
DVD to Zune
DVD to PSP
iPod to PC
DVD Ripper
Save the seals
Latest Comments
Twilight
10/10
Watchmen
9/10
Inglourious Basterds
6/10
Pulp Fiction
9/10
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Script
IMSDb opinion
  None available
IMSDb rating
  Not available
Average user rating
 (8.85 out of 10)
Writers
J.K. Rowling
Steven Kloves
Genres
Adventure
Family
Fantasy
Script Date : February 2003
Movie Release Date : June 2004
Read "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" Script
Harry Potter
and the
Prisoner of
Azkaban
Avatars
User Comments for Harry Potter and the Prisoner of
Azkaban
Clemence
 (10 out of 10 )
I alread knew the film by heart but I loved reading it ! Thank you :
Stephanie
 (10 out of 10 )
wow! that script changed drastically in some ways from what we saw on the actual movie,
I actually thought this script was better then what is on the movie now. This was a great
script, I LOVED THE MOVIE! thanks
Christina
 (10 out of 10 )
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Script at IMSDb.
https://web.archive.org/web/20090828135348/http://www.imsdb.com/...
1 de 6
25/01/2026, 19:42

Kill Bill Volume 1 & 2
6/10
Movie Chat
JC
Looking for the script to
the foreign film SOPHIE
SCHOLL:The Final Days. Any
leads?
Jay
hello is anybody out
there?
sanssub
let me guess. god hates
actors who play fags.
Name
Message
Yell !
ALL SCRIPTS
Other sites
Avatars
Wii
Wallpapers
Tony Hawk
Kororinpa
Exchange Rates
It's better than the film. Some of these scenes are wonderful (and what a pity some were
cut).
Layla
 (10 out of 10 )
Loved this script. It was really nice to read some of the scenes that weren't in the movie.
cher
 (7 out of 10 )
well it wasn't too bad but i would've liked to see the firebolt scene much earlier as it
originally is in the book. (but that would've meant seeing the quidditch interhouse
chamionship which would've been a riot.) one part thought which is disjunct is the part
where hagrid tells the trio about the trial. there was nothing mentioned before in the movie
script about buckbeak being in trouble in the first place, which is pretty confusing to
anyone who sees the movie. also, it wasn't clear how harry and hermione knew exactly
where sirius is being kept, in the book dumbledore tells them where. also, why couldn't a
line have been added where harry says to hermione, "we've got to fly on buckbeak up to
sirius to set him free. sirius and harry can escape together." it wouldn't have taken very
long. i wish the scenes with lavender and parvati would've been kept in the movie also.
*sigh* oh well, on to HBP and movie 4.
Trina
 (10 out of 10 )
wonderful movie! luved it :)
Wade
 (8 out of 10 )
I'm really disapointed about the Firebolt not being shown to its full, but the rest was pretty
good. It would have been better to show that Harry had been reading about () the Weird,
that was very interesting. But what's done is done. P.S. I hated Hermione's wand!
Georgina
 (10 out of 10 )
This was my favorite out of all the Harry Potter movies. It just seemed so... modern
Gurdeep
 (8 out of 10 )
The overall movie waz great and all except for the Quidditch scene could have played a
great roll in the movie!!The Quidditch played a big part in the book and i thought it could
have played a big role in the movie and it would also have made the movie MUCH better
not that it wasn't already but still!! The Quidditch scene would have sealed The Best
Movie Of The Year Award and i think the Firebolt shud have been brought into the movie
earlier like Mrs. Rowling did in her book!!Other than that The MOVIE waz fantastic and My
Family and I enjoyed it very much i LOVED it it waz very gud directing and and
producing!!
Gordon
 (10 out of 10 )
Okay,I tried immitating them but this is like more than what i asked for...Thank you
imsdb...
Halfblood Prince
 (9 out of 10 )
I really enjoyed the movie. Not as a Harry Potter movie, but justr an average movie. I am
a big fan of the book so i was dissapointed that they cut out so much. I still thought it was
a great movie and I bought it on DVD anyway.
Harriet Potter
 (10 out of 10 )
the movie wuz great!!!!!!!! tho im dissapointed they cut out a lot, i loved the
movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i saw it 6 times and even bought tghe DVD! i cantr wait for 4 th movie!!!
:)
Person
 (10 out of 10 )
Harry Potter rocks, yo!
marc
 (10 out of 10 )
its cool
Hermione Granger
 (10 out of 10 )
the movie was WICKED! the script was fantastic. I couldn't think of a greater way fo
putting it. keep the progress up. I cant wait for the 4th movie and script to come out i will
definitly...be seeing and reading that. i already reserved my copy of HARRY POTTER
AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE!
Ana Hidalgo
 (10 out of 10 )
I loved this movie so much. I can't wait till the forth one comes out. These movies just
keep on getting better and better
jasmine
 (1 out of 10 )
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Script at IMSDb.
https://web.archive.org/web/20090828135348/http://www.imsdb.com/...
2 de 6
25/01/2026, 19:42

Evil movie
Pue-Blood Princess
 (10 out of 10 )
I love this script! Everytime I watch the movie I have it printed off! I can't wait till The
Goblet Of Fire comes out! Can't wait to read the HBP, I have it aswell as a evil dad who is
making me wait until tuesday, so I can read it on the plane :O! Anyway, keep up the script
work!
Tamara
 (10 out of 10 )
I love the moevies , But the scriot is very good :-)))
kayla
 (10 out of 10 )
i saw harry potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban i watched it for 5 days in a row that is how
much i loved it.
Heeraj
 (10 out of 10 )
It was wonderful and i thought it was the best movie goblet of fire, i liked when voldemort
used avada kedavra on harry!
brian
 (10 out of 10 )
This movie was awsome i can't stop watching it i am glad that they put most the stuff in
from the book and i would have liked to see the firebult more though p.s. i liked when
hermione punched Draco
Calum
 (10 out of 10 )
Great, it really keeps getting deeper and deeper.
Baxter Chamberlain
 (7 out of 10 )
a good moive but not better than star wars
Angelica
 (10 out of 10 )
It is actually amazing. Nice story. In the book. A little bit in the movie.But it is actually both
fantastic.
Emma
 (10 out of 10 )
O..M..G!I LOVE this movie!I own it,and 3 times a week just about,I watch it!Well if I have
homework...but that's beside the point!Anyways,the movie was BRILLIANT!It was much
much better than the other ones,but OOOMMMGG I cannot wait any longer for Harry
Potter and the Goblet of Fire!It is my FAVEOURITE book,so it must be my faveourite
movie also..I have a Goblet of Fire wallpaper on my computer of Ron and Harry in Dress
Robes!Lol..anyway,50 bloody days until that movie!It's just too much!Grrr.....I can't wait to
see Harry in it!And Ron..OH I just LOVE Ron and Rupert Grint!Did you see him in the new
Trailor?Professer McGonagall was like "Mr.Weasley,place your right hand on my
waist."and then Ron was like "Where?"OMG it was so funny!Hahahaha!Rupert is soo
cute!*Looks at Rupert Poster dreamily*
Olivia
 (10 out of 10 )
OMG!!! this movie is so frickin awsome!!!! Tom Felton is so HOT!!!!! i cant wait tell the 4th
one comes out!!!
Emma
 (10 out of 10 )
Wowwww... I didn't realize that I was so good in the movie. Thanks!
Mandy
 (6 out of 10 )
Worst movie out of the entire series. I felt like it was rushed during the short hours and no
to mention some of the actors/actresses didn't fit to their role
rachel
 (10 out of 10 )
brill i know all the spells and the words but i read it anyway
Maverick
 (5 out of 10 )
I agree with Mandy
ordph
 (6 out of 10 )
I agree with Mandy, too. I'm a great fan of HP and IMO it was the worst movie of the
series. I prefer CoS. It seems GoF will be better
Rosie
 (10 out of 10 )
Daniel Racliffe is mine i think he gorge and lush!
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Script at IMSDb.
https://web.archive.org/web/20090828135348/http://www.imsdb.com/...
3 de 6
25/01/2026, 19:42

Abigail M
 (8 out of 10 )
I may have to disgree with Mandy. I think PoA was the best out of the series. It had great
style. The problem was the plot. It didn't follow the book too well.
brin
 (9 out of 10 )
Loved it!
rachel
 (10 out of 10 )
cool!!
Maria Luisa
 (6 out of 10 )
it was a pretty good movie in all, not best of three, but IMO the main point is The-
Maureders-Story-thing they dared to shoot... it was my all-series favourite part!
emma ann
 (10 out of 10 )
that movie was great and Harry potter is as cute as ever
Harry Potter Lover
 (10 out of 10 )
I loved it SO much! The movie is the best! I cannot wait for the 4th movie! Only 5 more
days! I LOVE HARRY POTTER!
kathleen
 (8 out of 10 )
hmmz...is this script supposed to be word for word the movie?..coz it's not exactly correct,
but newayz..i love anything hp
wezildpad
 (10 out of 10 )
I love the movie, so much better then the first 2 movies and the trio is grown up and they
all act so good and I love Emma Watson!!! ^^
Marlene
 (10 out of 10 )
What a fantastic effort for IMSDb to make PoA's script available to us readers! Thank you
very much! Now I'm going to look for Chamber of Secrets and Sourcerer's Stone's scripts!
It's really fun to read along with the movie and to notice the omissions and changes!
Please keep up the great work!
Candice
 (10 out of 10 )
Absolutely wonderful! This is probably my favorite. And Dan looks so hot in this one. It's
great to see how much they have grown up! Thanks for dedicating time to have the scripts
available for the movies!
Ella Lawton
 (10 out of 10 )
The best film that I have ever watched but the book is better.
Landon
 (1 out of 10 )
Once again, I must say, it's really bad that they have a "good" witch craft and a "bad"
witch craft. Yes, witch craft IS real, and it's a sin, but there is no good in it.
Max
 (7 out of 10 )
The movie was one of the best I have ever seen but I liked the book more because it had
more details in it.
Soon2BActress
 (8 out of 10 )
I agree with mandy it was sort of rushed by I still love it but I feel the others were better.
hotty hot hotty
 (10 out of 10 )
Loved it very much.
Georgina m
 (10 out of 10 )
It was great, I love hermione.
Taria
 (10 out of 10 )
Harry Potter's the best thing in the world. Well let's make that best book in the world. I
wish I could go to Hogwarts, it sounds brilliant.
Omkar
 (9 out of 10 )
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Script at IMSDb.
https://web.archive.org/web/20090828135348/http://www.imsdb.com/...
4 de 6
25/01/2026, 19:42

It was the greatest movie so far. It was better than the first and second but I think Steven
Kloves can do better for the fourth.
Harry Potter is a hottie
 (10 out of 10 )
I am a major fan of Daniel Radcliffe / Harry Potter! I have read all of the Harry Potter
series and think the 1-4 movies were not that good compared to the books. But Daniel
plays the role so perfectly.
Nyx
 (10 out of 10 )
Wow, this script was wicked! I wish this was more what the movie was like. The
characterization was so much better! So many scenes would've been better this original
way, even if they were slightly cut, rather than the way they were reworded in the actual
film. Not saying anything against the film, I personally loved it, but this would have been
WOW!
mrs. potter
 (10 out of 10 )
Mandy stinks, the movie was not rushed I think it was awesome. Hermione rocks, Dan
Radcliffe is the hottest english actor in the entire world. We are so going to be married
one day. We are going to open up our own Quidditch shop in Diagon Alley.
Dylan Rhoney
 (7 out of 10 )
I enjoyed POA but it didn't have the same feeling as the other two. I felt the same about
the book. But it was enjoyable.
HPFA
 (10 out of 10 )
Excellent.
Formidable Human Being
 (7 out of 10 )
It would be better if the whole draft would be included in the film, they had cut some
smaller dialogues and some important scenes (Sir Cadogan, halloween, Sirius Black in
the Gryffindor dormitory). But the script did have these things and I was quite satisfied. 7
stars because they had cut out a lot of Quidditch and the finale was not good at all. The
film was really lyrical and impressive till Hogsmeade visited in Christmas, everything was
pretty good. But after the Patronus lesson with Lupin, too many things were cut. I think
that the script didn't show the internal emotions of Harry's adolescence but commiting
them in purpose of showing too many "catchy" scenes for commercial success. At least, it
did have many things that could raise Potter to a new level of the filming industry.
human being
 (8 out of 10 )
Parv, nice movie it couldn't get much better. But I really wonder why always in Harry
Potter movies the defence against the dark arts teachers are close to bad guys. Like in
HP first Professor Snape was SHOWN like he wants to kill Harry. In the 2nd Lockhart tried
to vanish Harry's memory. In the 3rd Lupin was a werewolf. In the 4th although not the
real one but Moody was trying to kill Harry in the last scene of moody and Harry and
made him survive all the tasks so that he could reach the portkey and lead him to
Voldemort. It's such a mystery, I like mysteries at least there is someone to suspect during
the movie. And yes I forgot Prisoner of Azkaban was great.
Prongsette
 (10 out of 10 )
Great Film, loved it all. Except the HUGE MISTAKES with Sirius and Remus. Sirius was
WAY too crazy and not at all like I pictured him, I mean what was with the tatoos? Remus
on the other hand was too skiny and acted like Lily was his best friend, WHICH SHE
wasn't! Also his werewolf was stupid, there was no fur or tail. Which equalls stupid! My
friend also pointed out that his moustache was ridiculous.
emma
 (10 out of 10 )
Oh that was just so awesome! And if Daniel Radcliff is reading this then, hi Dan! I hope to
be seeing you in the 5th movie soon! The 4th was so great. It's my 4th time reading the
Harry Potter books. Ha ha Dan'll probally never read this.
sophia
 (10 out of 10 )
Good movie, good script!
Bhakti
 (9 out of 10 )
The movie could have beenbetter but it was still great. I don't think the new dumbledor
acts good. I like the old directors better. The 1st and 2nd movie were better. The 4th
movie is rushed!
Amber
 (10 out of 10 )
I love Harry Potter books! Last night I watched Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Amanda
 (9 out of 10 )
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Script at IMSDb.
https://web.archive.org/web/20090828135348/http://www.imsdb.com/...
5 de 6
25/01/2026, 19:42

I liked the movie. It was great. My only problem was the shrunken head in the knight bus.
What was that anyway? I miss Richard Harris!
Voldy's Angel
 (2 out of 10 )
This movie was absolutely horrible. Prisoner of Azkaban was my favorite book, and I think
that Emma Watson had way too many lines in this movie. Ron barely talks. The humour
and CGI was great, but I still think this is the worst movie made in the Harry Potter series.
"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" Script
Index    |    Submit    |    Links    |    Link to us    |    RSS Feeds    |    Disclaimer    |    Privacy policy
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Script at IMSDb.
https://web.archive.org/web/20090828135348/http://www.imsdb.com/...
6 de 6
25/01/2026, 19:42

